So, I'm here with Peter Levenda, the
author of Sinister Forces, Secret
Machines, The Unholy Alliance, and and
and many other books.
>> If we have a crash saucer from the '
40s, I would say if we are in possession
of it, and they're in possession of it,
too, then there is an agreement between
countries that says we're not going to
talk about this. It's the Fight Club.
>> JFK was assassinated over quote unquote
the alien presence. Eh Howard Hunt on
his deathbed did claim that there was a
conspiracy to kill Kennedy that he knew
about it.
>> I mean, everybody that represents the
the blue-blooded brahinss of American
society, old money people were at a se a
freaking seance in the woods in Maine on
New Year's Eve.
>> What is the Necronomicon and why is the
Strategic Air Command interested in
[music] the Necronomicon? [snorts]
>> How much time do you have? At some
point, somebody did something they
weren't supposed to do. It might have
jumpst started civilization on this
planet.
Today's episode is sponsored by Incogn.
If you think the government keeps
secrets, wait until you meet data
brokers. They know where you live, who
you voted for, which furniture you
bought for your house, and which UFO
videos you've rewatched three times at
2:00 a.m. last night. That's because
every click, form, and purchase builds a
quiet dossier on you, then gets sold,
repackaged, and sold again. It's like
there's a shadow version of you living
inside a server farm somewhere in New
Jersey. That's why I personally use
Incogn. It automatically hunts down
those data brokers, over 250 of them,
and forces them to delete your
information. Then it keeps checking back
until they actually do. and the new
custom removals feature. If you find
your data on any site, you just paste
the link into your dashboard and incogn
wipes it for you. You get unlimited
takedowns. It's not a VPN. It's not
going incognito. This is a fullscale
data exfiltration in reverse. The
cleanest form of digital hygiene you can
practice. So, if you care about privacy,
autonomy, or just don't want to be the
training data for the next AI overlord,
get Incogn. Use code American Alchemy at
checkout or go to
incogn.com/ameanalchemy
for 60% off an annual plan. Again,
that's incogn.com/ameanal
alchemy and code American alchemy for
60% off your annual plan. So, I'm here
with Peter Levenda, who I couldn't be
more honored to be with. I think you are
uh an amazing big picture thinker uh who
who kind of consumes all of the data
around non-human intelligence UFOs but
also connects them with ancient
traditions and religion and mysticism in
a in a super unique way and in a way
that's caught the attention of higherups
in the government. And you've also just
led a just a fascinating life. And so
I'm I'm really excited uh for you to be
here today. You're the author of
Sinister Forces, Secret Machines, uh
Man, Gods, and War, and uh The Unholy
Alliance, and and and many other books.
And so, yeah, thank you for being here.
>> I appreciate it. Thanks very much for
having me. This is great.
>> Absolutely. So, I want I want to start
with this idea that reality itself might
be somewhat choreographed or scripted.
Uh an idea you explore in Sinister
Forces. You [snorts]
talk about all these kind of uh uh
interesting synchronicities where things
are written about or talked about before
they happen. Do you want to explore any
sort of examples of that?
>> Yeah, sure. I mean this is something
that occurred to me when I was you know
really in the very beginning of the
sinister forces research which goes all
the way back to Watergate. Right. So I
started during Watergate for those of
you too young to know what I'm talking
about. This was this, you know, breakin
of the Democratic Party national
headquarters ordered by Nixon and the a
whole thing that happened in in the
1970s in 197 uh two and then it lasted
till 1975 the investigations and all of
this and I was following all of this. I
was reading three newspapers a day and I
was living in New York which is where
I'm from and so you're getting a lot of
media attention. You're getting a lot of
analysis. a lot of, you know, people are
showing up and they're talking about
their backgrounds. And as I'm going
through all this, I'm thinking, this is
just weird. There's something about this
that sort of defies regular analysis of,
you know, political systems. There's
something else at work. And I started
pulling at the threads of it. And uh I
think one of the the fascinating things
that happened, I was starting to
research Nazi occultism because that was
going to be a chapter of sinister
forces. the idea that governments and
religion could somehow get together in
such a way as to cause this this bend in
reality kind of where it's not just you
know government running people's lives
anymore from a purely mundane situation
and it's not the churches from a purely
spiritual one it's like this weird mix
of both of them you know and what kind
of trouble could you possibly get into
doing that so I started you know looking
at that and I wound up at the national
archives in DC and I rented you know a
room in in a lowcost kind of hotel off
Dupont Circle and I'm in the room and I
bring my suitcase in and I look up on
the wall and somebody had left this huge
poster of, you know, the the the eye in
the in the pyramid, you know, on top of
the triangle of the pyramid, you know,
this Illuminati symbol was like hanging
there, you know, in the room where I'm
starting to do this research. I'm
thinking this is a little bit too on the
nose, you know. [laughter]
So, one thing led to another and um it
it made me realize that there was
something else going on that the what we
were learning about Watergate was only
really the tip of the iceberg. If you
start pulling at the people who were
involved like eh Howard Hunt, right,
famous guy, former CIA officer, the
action officer basically in charge of
the the Bay of Pigs operation, right?
So, he was down in Miami when all that
was going on, trying to organize this
this invasion that Kennedy eventually
said, "No, we're not going to give you
air support. You guys are freaking
nuts." Right. Pull back. Don't do this
stuff. But they ignored him. Right. Did
all this thing. [gasps]
>> Eh Howard Hunt wrote at least three
occult novels.
>> Really?
>> Yeah. And he lived on a place called
Witches Island.
>> What? So, I'm thinking, well, whoa,
whoa, wait, wait a minute here. Right.
Let me read the novels. Maybe there's
something there. Who does that? Right. I
just said, I want to read these novels.
And oh my god, it's an attack on the
Kennedys, the Kennedys as Satan
worshippers, thinly veiled kind of of a
story about that. You know, the vitriol
that he had for the Kennedys over Bay of
Pigs was palpable in this. And he made
them, you know, Satan worshippers and
stuff. It was really cool. So I said, I
got to pay attention to Howard Hunt a
little bit more closely.
>> Okay, years go by. It's now 1979,
1980, and I get a job. I'm working for a
living as a regular human being, you
know. So, I get hijab in this strange
company in Queens, New York, uh within
walking distance of where I was living,
which made it, you know, nice. I could
just walk to work. In New York, nobody
walks to work. So, I'm walking to this
place and, you know, I have a desk next
to this guy, and this guy in this tiny
little company in the middle of nowhere
turns out to have been EH Howard Hunt's
colleague
at the the front that they worked for in
Washington, DC.
>> Okay. So this guy is working there.
>> What was the front?
>> Well, the front was Robert Mullen
Corporation. It was like a a kind of a
Mormon operation in DC that was
supposedly a publicity public relations
firm,
>> but Eh Howard Hunt had his official
office there, even though he was no
longer
>> quote unquote CIA, but he was operating
here. He was part of the plumbers at
that time.
>> So Gordon Litty, everybody was one big
happy family. This guy had the office
next to him also CIA also operating as a
front except this guy was based either
in Brazil for a long time or in
Singapore right so all these things I
mean I'm right there right next to the
guy who knows personally Eh Howard Hunt
and I'm researching Eh Howard Hunt and
he tells me his name uh Arthur Hawkberg
I guess I can tell his name now because
I've talked about it I printed it and I
I went home after he he started telling
me his whole life story he's going into
CI I he's going into this, he's going
into that. Uh the languages because we
both spoke a little Mandarin, he spoke
better than I did. And so there was this
immediate connection on the on that
basis. And then slowly he just reveals
that this was his position. So I go
home, you know, I'm going through all my
books and there's his name, right? And
no one knew what had happened to him.
And there he was in this tiny firm,
right? Had having lost his job at CIA.
>> That's amazing. because of the admiral
when the admiral came in after Watergate
and all this stuff they fired a lot of
action agents right a lot of the the
officers who were actually in the field
got fired it's a big scandal and you
know so this guy lost his job
>> right so I'm I'm working with next door
next to him for like three months you
know he's telling me stories and stuff
I'm thinking holy and here I am
researching this
>> right this is not possible like if if
you had been a a journalist and you were
desperately looking for this guy you
wouldn't have found him
>> right but here I am next to him and he's
like driving me home in his car.
>> Yeah.
>> And and we're parked in front and he's
talking about AFIO, right? The
Association of Former Intelligence
Officers and then later I get invited to
an AFO thing like 10 years later, right?
So this would happen to me all the time.
>> There's something that happens I think
when you set your attention on something
that is somehow entropy reducing and it
attracts more and more of that thing
into your life. And it's hard to say
whether that is some sort of retrocausal
relationship allah some future that's
already sort of set exactly or something
but uh it's it's that's so fascinating
and and I was just thinking you know eh
Howard Hunt his lawyer uh Douglas Caddy
>> um told dark journalist you know recent
somewhat recently that uh JFK was
assassin because Eh Howard Hunt is
obviously implicated as as as much as
any agent in the JFK assassination
itself
>> and this guy Douglas
>> Catty He said that eh Howard Hunt told
him essentially on his I think as he was
dying that uh JFK was assassinated over
quote unquote the alien presence.
>> Mhm.
>> And so do do you think that eh Howard
Hunt knew about you know NHI and aliens
and that JFK's assassination had
something to do with that?
>> Well, I mean I you know I like to work
with tangible stuff like documents and
you know stuff like that. That's as
tangible as you're going to get in a
situation like that. Uh I believe I I
don't really know if I 100% trust it or
believe it. Um I know that eh Howard
Hunt on his deathbed did claim that
there was a conspiracy to kill Kennedy
that he knew about it.
>> Uh and that CIA was somehow involved or
at least a branch or a rogue element of
CIA. I will I will pretty much accept
that as a distinct possibility right
>> since the beginning everybody has
thought that right because of Bay of
Pigs there was this I mean what happened
with Watergate there was all the same
Bay of Pigs guys
>> right the same ones who were involved
with Bay of Pigs the same anti-Castro
Cubans now show up in Washington
burglaring you know burglarizing the
Democratic National Committee so yeah
there's a connection I'm sure there is
right who you can take to court over
this I'm not sure
>> can I weave something together and I I
don't know if this is the case but like
you know Nixon was head of the 5412
commission under Eisenhower and he used
to task Howard Hughes with things that
so 5412 commission was already created
as this inter agency kind of
coordination body that would give the
president plausible deniability on sort
of bad things that you know he wanted to
do domestically
>> and um and then on top of that you had
this other separation layer where Nixon
would task Howard Hughes with doing the
really dirty stuff. And so there's this
idea that um you had uh these kind of
Cuban assassins um they called them the
S force uh or you know they went by
different names Alpha 66 and you know
Operation Mongoose had something to do
with this um and uh uh so he created
that originally to take out Castro and
Shavara
um but that sort of you know didn't end
up happening obviously you had the Bay
of Pigs JFK takes over from Eisenhower
And the narrative I've heard is that
JFK, you know, uh, fires Dulles. Dulles
is sort of licking his wounds and really
angry at JFK and the Brown Brothers
Haramman and reoperationalizes this S
force to then take out uh uh JFK
himself. Mhm.
>> And what's really crazy is this connects
to Watergate because Howard Hughes's
longtime lawyer or I think like you know
general counsel or you know kind of
right-hand guy um was a guy named Larry
O'Brien. Larry O'Brien was running
McGovern's campaign and he was the guy
whose cell phone got bugged in the
Watergate scandal. So that it's this
crazy and it's because you have to ask
like why if you're Nixon, why would you
would you ever break into the DNC when
you're way ahead of McGovern in the
polls?
>> And obviously Nixon was notoriously
paranoid. And so maybe it's because you
have this guy Larry O'Brien who knows
that you commissioned originally this S
force team of assassins and then they
got operationalized to take out your
longest political opponent. He even
though he didn't he didn't want JFK
dead. Of course, he would never, you
know, do something like that. But he was
probably afraid that it would get pinned
on him. So, it's pretty nuts. It's this
crazy story, but but but everybody knows
everybody else. The problem that I have
is that it gets tighter and tighter and
tighter. And it's the same thing with
the nine. This famous thing that I talk
about in Sinister Forces, right? You
have these disperate individuals. You
think they have [clears throat] nothing
in common, nothing to do with each
other. And then you pull at a certain
thread and they they all come together,
right?
>> So tell us who the who who are the nine.
>> Well, this it actually connects to this
whole story too in its in its own way.
>> So you have um the nine of course this
was a in 1952 to 1953 there's this
famous guy not famous yet at the time
um guy with medical training and
technical training. uh he's involved in,
you know, technology, you know, uh for
medical purposes and stuff, but he also
gets involved with um a bunch of sort of
borderline psychic people, right? Back
in the 19 late 40s, early 50s, there
were seances and there was like psychic
phenomena research and stuff going on.
JB Ryan was doing his thing, studying
ESP. And so, you have a guy like Puharic
who finds himself up in the in the woods
in Maine. He was supposed to be back in
uh the city. He was going to go to take
up a position in California, I think.
But he gets involved with these people
and um to make a long story short,
there's a seance that's held in uh late
52, early 53. I think it was the New
Year's Eve of 52 to 53. And there are
nine people involved in the seance. Now,
these are not just some casual nine
people you pick up like, you know, your
neighbors or something, right? This was
a Dupant and an Aster and a Forbes. I
mean, everybody that represents the the
blue-blooded brahinss of American
society, old money people were at a
seance, a freaking seance, right,
>> in the woods in Maine on New Year's Eve.
>> These people don't do New Year's Eve
that way normally, right? There's big
parties and there's champagne and
there's god knows what. In this case,
they're all sitting around a seance
table with Andrea Paraharich and one of
them uh is the guy who was the inventor
of the Bell helicopter,
>> right?
>> So Arthur Young,
>> Arthur Young. So Arthur Young is there
with his wife. His wife is Ruth Forbes
Payne Young,
>> right? She had a lot of names. She was
excessively nomenclatured. And so you
have, you know, Ruth Forbes Payne Young.
She's a Forbes. Mhm.
>> She was married to a George uh Payne,
Lyman Payne, and also married to Arthur
Young. So, she had all of these
pedigrees all mixed in together. And she
was the best friend of um I think her
name was Mary Douglas, if I'm not
mistaken, who was the the paramore of um
Alan Dulles.
>> So, Alan Dulles, which keeps coming up
in these conversations, his girlfriend
is the best friend of Ruth Young,
married to Arthur Young. So already
there's this weird connection, right?
And when I say best friends, I mean they
told each other everything that kind of
it wasn't like a casual, you know,
thing. Mhm.
>> So they were they were best friends and
then you had a Dupant, you had an Aster,
you had all of these people at the
seance and they're contacting some
spiritual force and there's a medium, a
man from India who then becomes kind of
famous in sort of religious liberalism
sort of circles trying to one world
religion kind of thing, you know, trying
to make peace with everybody and
>> uh all of this kind of stuff that was
going on at the time. And so he's
conducting the seance and he's solving
mathematical equations that Andrea
Parharic puts him puts to him to see if
he's really talking to a spiritual
force. And this guy is answering
correctly, solving mathematical
equations.
>> Whoa.
>> So then uh and this guy evidently
materializes out of the clear blue sky
little threads, one for each of the
members of this group. They're supposed
to wrap around their wrist. It makes
them brahinss like actual brahinss. uh
in the Indian sense, but they're
brahinss assigned to this exalted rank,
this elite status by these nine forces
that are spinning somehow above them,
>> which later become identified as
residents of a UFO in low earth orbit.
>> The same one that is later then being
contacted by Uri Geller,
>> who was then discovered by Bharage,
brought to the United States to be
tested. It just it gets incestuous.
>> But
Ruth and Arthur, they have a daughter
>> uh who's also Ruth. Her name is Ruth
Payne. She lives in Texas, by the way.
And uh she's studying Russian. She's
fascinated by the Russian language.
She's a Quaker who wants to study
Russian. Don't think she ever managed it
in her life, but at that moment she
wanted to study Russian. And in her
home, she opens her door to some
refugees. You know, people who are
recent immigrants from Russia, Lee
Harvey Oswald and his wife Marina
>> and their kids.
>> Whoa.
>> So, they're living with Ruth Payne in
this house in Texas.
>> So,
>> she gets him the job at the Texas School
Book Depository.
>> So wild. So you have this kind of uh
blueblooded elite adjacent person who's
uh whose mother engaged in the seance
with Puharic and you know they they
think of themselves as sort of guardians
of the world via this like council of
nine you know nonhumans or whatever
>> and she is somehow housing
>> Lee Harvey Oswald where if you were to
think of like an actor in history or
agent who fundamentally shifts
timelines in this dramatic way. I mean,
he's got to be it.
>> He's got to be it. Yeah.
>> So, that's so wild.
>> So, and and the thing is she knows him.
She goes on vacation a few months before
the assassination and visits her
in-laws, visits Arthur Young and his
wife.
>> Obviously, she discusses the fact that
she has this Russian
>> defector in her house, right?
>> Yeah. Uh, we don't know all that was
discussed, but we do know now we have
scraps of correspondence that have
survived between them after the
assassination.
>> And Arthur Young's wife is telling Ruth,
her daughter-in-law,
ix nay on the Oswald gay, right? Do not
talk about this anybody. Do not, you
know, get involved in this thing. You
don't know how bad that's going to be
for you. You know, distance yourself as
much as possible. Don't give interviews,
etc., etc., right?
>> So, we know that there was a big
discussion about this going on. So, how
is it that this happens? How is it,
right, that this bunch of people having
a seance in Maine in 1952
are 10 years later implicated in the
assassination of the 20th century. Seems
like a level of coordination that is
above the heads of all of the
participants. Um, another example of of
that possibly is you talk about some of,
you know, kind of people who are
interested in UFOs or or involved
directly in UFOs in the government
>> also being related to the JFK
assassination showing up in those two
places. Do you want to talk about
>> Well, that's what happened. That's when
going back to the original question you
asked me. I realize I go around in in
circles, but you know, as Matthew
McConey says, time is a spiral.
[laughter]
Um, so what we have is what got me
involved in this really involved in the
UFO thing because I really wasn't, you
know, from the beginning. I mean, I was
kind of like interested like anybody
would be interested, but not, you know,
to the extent that I would study it.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
>> I'm going through the the Warren
Commission reports, the all the I mean,
the entire thing, not the not the uh
summary, but all of the volumes.
>> Wow.
>> And I'm going through the
>> uh Ruth Payne uh the lady in Texas, the
Quaker. Yeah. studying Russian and she's
she's talking to the commission, you
know, and she's going how she met Lee
Oswald and Marina and everything else.
And then she starts talking about how,
you know, just before the assassination,
she goes up to visit, you know, Arthur
Young and etc. At that point,
um, Alan Dulles is part of that
committee hearing. He stops her. M
>> he totally derails that story and he he
he makes a joke about something else
completely unrelated and buries it. She
was about to say that she was visiting
Arthur Young and Ruth Forbes Payne Young
right up there in Pennsylvania and was
going to you know talk talk about this
and he cuts her off. He I mean you just
read it and you say what happened?
>> You know it's like Kevin Cosner reading
the the thing saying ask the next
question. Yeah, right. Ask the question.
[clears throat] Nobody ever asked the
question. They don't follow up with her
at all. This would have been a major
story, right?
>> Yeah. But there's also, don't you
connect like the Mory Island incident?
>> I'm getting there.
>> Okay, cool.
>> So, that's what happened. I read that
and I'm thinking,
>> what the hell was that all about? Right.
So, I pull on that thread.
>> So, I pull in the thread of Ruth Payne
and I get to, you know, Arthur Young and
I get to the the nine. I'm thinking,
what the hell is this? And then, you
know, and then I'm looking at the report
of of Jim Garrison in New Orleans.
>> Mhm.
>> Right. and all that he's doing and he's
you investigating these people and one
of the people he's investigates is Fred
>> Chrisman
>> I'm thinking wait a minute I've heard
that name before right who the hell is
Fred Chrisman and so I pull on that
thread it's Fred Chrisman from Mory
Island from 1947 and I pull on that and
I come up with Guy Banister the same guy
Banister who had an office in New
Orleans that Lee Harvey Oswald worked
out of passing out those you know fair
play for Cuba leaflets. Yeah right. So
it was all in this one office. David
Ferry, Jack Martin, all these psychos
were in this one building with Guy
Banister. And Guy Banister was the guy.
>> Yeah.
>> He was the guy in the Pacific Northwest
during 1947 during the the whole UFO
flap with Kenneth Arnold and Mory Island
and all the rest of it. So he's up
there, Guy Banister. He's member of the
FBI, special agent. He's reporting back
directly to Hoover
>> by Tel which was a form of telegram
which was a form of email
>> uh in those days right
>> and they were mentioned the the
designation was a special operation or
special mission-x it was the X files
right the actual X files
>> and he's reporting on UFO sightings
that's his job
>> guy Banister's job is reporting on UFO
sightings back to Hoover
>> that's so fascinating [laughter]
Yeah. And I believe people think that
Fred Chrisman was one of, you know,
there were these three quote unquote
hobos that were arrested, right? And
they think Fred Chrisman was one of
those hobos. I don't know if you
corroborated that at all, but
>> I can corroborate. In fact, he wasn't
the only one. I mean, Eh Howard Hunt
might have been one of them as well.
That was also a rumor that he was there
in Dallas that day. And so and Fred
Chrisman, what is the Mory Island
incident for for people that aren't
aware that there was actually more than
one UFO incident uh in 1947,
>> right? We always think of Roswell when
we think of 47, but Roswell happened
just slightly later. Uh initially it was
Kenneth Arnold. Uh he was a a pilot uh I
think he was with the Civil Air Patrol
at the time and he was flying some
mission out in the Pacific Northwest uh
in the Rockies and he sees a flight of
weird craft going at impossible speeds
and he describes them like like saucers
flying you know dipping over the the
skimming over the water which gave rice
sense the flying saucer scenario but his
description of it was sort of a a
wing-shaped craft with a sort of a bite
out of the end of it the way he drew it
which is closer to the Horton design,
which is a whole other story we can get
into.
>> Yeah.
>> But anyway, so he come up with the idea
of the flying saucer. He's he was the
person who started the terminology
inadvertently.
>> So at the same time in Mory Island,
which is in the same part of the world
in the upper Pacific Northwest, um you
had this very strange concept. There's a
guy sitting in a boat in Puet Sound and
what appear to be UFOs of some kind are
flying overhead and one of them appears
to be in distress and it rains like
shards of metal or slag or something all
over his his boat, a small boat uh
killing his dog. Uh wounding his kid,
his son is in the is in the is in the
ship and putting a hole in the ship. So
he gets back and he talks to his
supposedly his boss. uh they're doing
something in in in Puet Sound and his
boss is Fred Chrisman. Now Fred
Chrisman,
it's really hard to find out his
background. He's one of these guys with
a very murky background. We believe he
was OSS during the war,
>> okay, which was the forerunner of CIA.
He he seems to have known Klay Shaw,
>> which was one of the reasons why Jim
Garrison went after him. Klay Shaw and
Fred Chrisman seem to have known each
other well enough that Klay Shaw phoned
him at the time that all of this was
going on with the Jim Garrison and the
Kennedy assassination.
>> Clay Shaw.
>> Oh, who's Klay Shaw? Oh, Klay Shaw was
the one guy that Jim Garrison brought to
trial uh for the Kennedy assassination.
Okay. If you know the movie um JFK, uh
Tommy Lee Jones plays Klay Shaw in that
film.
>> Uh so he was the guy that was at the
center of it. Kind of a CIA uh funded
guy. He had been a CIA contract agent
for a while.
>> He was not an actual CIA agent, but he
was one of these people that got paid
off by the agency
>> to do things for them.
>> We found that out after the trial,
unfortunately, not before.
>> So, uh, he he beat the rap. He did not
get acquitted. I mean, he did not get
convicted. He was acquitted.
>> Um, but he knew Lee Harvey Oswalt. He
knew David Ferry. He knew all the
players in New Orleans. So he is
arrested
um by Jim Garrison on his orders uh for
having been involved in the Kennedy
assassination and evidently Klay Shaw
calls Fred Krisman.
>> So why right? So you're think you're
asking yourself this is the guy that was
involved in this seinal incident and
this is not over. Right? So Fred
Chrisman then makes a few phone calls
>> after his friend uh gets rained on by a
UFO and these phone calls wind up
attracting the attention of the United
States Air Force
>> or the Army Air Force at the time. They
were just transitioning to the Air Force
and two Air Force intelligence agents
come and visit Fred Chrisman uh and his
partner and um Kenneth Arnold shows up,
right? He's invited to this meeting
which is weird. Mhm.
>> And so all of these guys are meeting, I
believe it's in Seattle, and they're all
getting together to discuss this thing
with the military, like what happened,
what did they see, and all the rest of
it. I think that there's a lot of
weirdness around that meeting.
>> Uh Kenneth Arnold was did not have a
reservation in any hotel. He just kind
of showed up because Chrisman said, "Why
don't you come down? We're going to talk
to these guys." And Arnold shows up and
there's no room at the inn until finally
they get to the most expensive hotel in
town and they had a reservation already
made for him. He didn't know about it.
>> Turns out the place was bugged. Turns
out a local journalist got a tape of the
entire meeting and he dies shortly
thereafter. Right.
>> I mean, just too much weirdness around
this.
>> Yes.
>> But in the end, they give Fred Chrisman
gives the army guys a box of the slag to
take back for analysis. This is like
tremendous, right? This is UFO slag.
Yeah. You know,
>> wow.
>> So, they get back on their plane and
they're going to fly back to their base.
Their plane explodes in midair.
>> No way.
>> So they die. The material is gone with
them. There were survivors, but not the
two guys who actually were there and
took the information.
>> Wow.
>> Not the guys who wrote the report,
right? Whatever report existed and
everything was gone with them. And that
was the first fatality that we know of
in the UFO the 20th century UFO
phenomenon era were these two Air Force
officers.
>> Alchemist. Did you enjoy that? If you
want the full picture, head over to the
American Alchemy Magazine we just
launched on Substack. That's where we
deep dive into all sorts of crazy topics
that we don't have time to fit into
every video with weekly articles
exploring all of the strange, forgotten,
and conspiratorial corners of space,
history, and high weirdness. So, join up
today at our free or paid tiers on
Substack. I am including the full link
in the description of this video. such a
wild story and then such a weird
connection that you have Fred Chrisman
who's reporting to Guy Banister. They're
running the XFiles and doing all UFO
investigations and then uh seems like
Fred Chrisman has something to do with
the uh you know JFK assassination. Just
so weird. At least we know the Klay Shaw
connection and then maybe he was a hobo
who was arrested on the scene, right?
>> It's just so strange. And then you, like
you said, you have, I think the address
was like 544 Camp Street in New Orleans
where you had all these guys kind of
working together.
>> And they were bishops in a crazy church.
>> Well, so tell me about that.
>> Do you have time?
>> Oh, yeah. We got all the time in the
world.
>> All right. So, there's there's a crazy
church.
>> Uhhuh.
>> David Ferry and Jack Martin belong to
this crazy church.
>> Okay.
>> Jim Garrison could not figure out what
the hell was the purpose of this church.
Like, how how did it fit into this whole
thing? He knew that they were, you know,
ex- agents. They were running ops. You
know, they were, uh, white supremacists
in many cases. David Ferry certainly
was. Uh, Guy Banister certainly was.
There was this whole white supremacist
thing that was going through the
assassination, starting with an attempt
at the assassination in Florida by white
supremacist group.
>> And then there was this this group in
New Orleans, right? And Guy Banister was
like this rabid anti-communist as was
David Ferry. And so the rabbid
anti-communism got mixed up with all
kinds of other stuff, right?
So there was a church
um
whose head was headquartered in the
Bronx of all places, the American
Orthodox Catholic Church, which was big
name for a very small church. The church
was mostly clergy and no parishioners.
There was actually no followers. Nobody
actually went to these churches, right?
It was just priests, priests and bishops
for the most part. mostly bishops, only
a handful of priests.
>> So, it was a front. It was a front for
something. And uh when the assassination
took place, another bishop in Kentucky,
a guy called Carl Stanley calls the FBI
directly and says, "You got to look at
David Ferry and and um um very important
name, Jack Martin, although it's
probably not his real name, as we'd turn
out eventually." So, you have these two
guys, right? and they were both bishops
under Carl Stanley,
>> who was a renegade bishop who had a rap
sheet a mile long and everything else,
but he's running a church out of
Kentucky.
So Carl Stanley tells the FBI, "Look at
these two guys in New Orleans. They're
involved in the assassination."
So the FBI then it gets alerted and they
kind of look at these guys, they talk to
them, these people are really crazy. We
don't we can't make heads or tails of
this. We're we're dropping it. And then
later um it's get gets picked up in New
Orleans by the DA. Right. So the
district attorney Jim Garrison says
we're gonna investigate these guys
because there is something fishy because
Guy Banister and Guy Banister was very
fishy. Former FBI guy, long history in
the FBI. Uh retires from the FBI, opens
up this operation on Camp Street in New
Orleans. The building isn't there
anymore. I checked a little while ago,
unfortunately. But he was operating out
of this out of this building. and the
the Fair Play for Cuba leaflets that Lee
Harvey Oswald was passing out had the
address of Camp Street, the same
address.
>> So, they're trying to figure out what
the connection is here with all these
guys, right? And Guy Banister died in '
64. So, he died before Garrison could
interview him.
>> But Banister and Jack Martin got into a
a fist fight over the assassination.
Jack Martin threatened to tell the feds
all the weird stuff that was going on
and in his office and so Banister pistol
whipped him.
>> So he wound up in the hospital over it.
So he gets interviewed by Garrison's
people and David Ferry gets interviewed
by Garrison's people and David Ferry is
a trip. This is a guy with alipcia. So
he has no hair on his head. So he puts
fake eyebrows and fake wigs.
>> What?
>> So he had a fake redhaired wig. he red
hair for some reason. And the funny
thing is that
um eh Howard Hunt during the Watergate
era
>> used a fake red wig as his disguise when
he was breaking into people's offices.
It was like really funny that he was
like an homage to David Ferry.
>> So but anyway, so David Ferry is a you
know is considered to be involved in
this thing. He commits suicide or is
suicided under mysterious circumstances
during the investigation into the
Kennedy assassination. Jack Martin is
the only one that survives. Okay. Years
later, I'm interviewing a bishop in
Florida who was uh a friend of Jack
Martin.
>> And so I wanted to talk to him about
Jack Martin. And he he gives me
photographs of Jack Martin dressed as a
priest, right? And he says Jack Martin
was the guy you went to when you wanted
to find out anything about anybody.
He said Martin traveled over the c all
over the country. This guy was
everywhere.
>> This guy his his resume was he was
unemployed. He was an alcoholic. He was
possibly mentally unstable. He was in
hospital various times for this. And yet
he's the go-to guy to get background
information on anybody. Right. Martin
was incredible that way. and he stayed
in his persona as a priest and bishop
the rest of his life. So the photographs
I have of him in the 1970s years after
the Kennedy assassination stuff that was
going on in New Orleans and he's in the
in the the whole outfit, right? So you
Wow. So you're saying that the Orthodox
Catholic Church in the US at the time
was acting as some sort of front
possibly coordinating or helping with
the JFK assassination. at absolute the
American Orthodox Catholic Church
legally came into being in 1965. So
that's two years after the assassination
legally in New York. However, it
pre-existed in different places around
the country. Uh and it got coalesed into
one group in ' 65. And this is where it
gets even stranger because in 1965 when
all this is done, the leader of that
church in the Bronx
>> in New York of all places
>> is a Ukrainian priest. He forms his own
church as the American Orthodox Catholic
Church in the Bronx. And then he starts
demanding the other churches submit to a
background check by the FBI to make sure
that they're acceptable to him in the
Bronx in New York. Like
>> so weird. Yeah.
>> And a lot of people just said, "No,
screw this. We're not going to do it."
>> Yeah.
>> Carl Stanley, the guy who blurted out
this thing that, you know, David Ferry
was, you know, involved in the
assassination, this weird bishop in
Connecticut, he agrees, right? He goes
from Connecticut to the Bronx to be
anointed by this bishop, this Ukrainian
bishop. He goes back to Kentucky and
he's dead within a month.
>> Jesus.
>> So, I did more digging from a very
personal reason because I knew this
church intimately. I was involved with
that church in 1968 to 69.
>> How are you involved?
>> Yeah. Well, that's a story. [laughter]
>> I want to hear it.
>> And you know what they say. You know the
first rule of Fight Club. [laughter]
Well, this is the story that opens up
everything for me that makes me suddenly
find out that reality is not what we
think it is.
>> Okay.
>> To get back to again your original
question, this is how long we go on one
original question.
>> And to get back to that question, it
reality isn't. Reality is really, really
strange.
>> Yeah.
>> And in 1968,
I was still in high school. Um, I was a
a senior in high school in the Bronx and
I had no intention of going to Vietnam.
So, a friend of mine and I, both with
Eastern European backgrounds, uh,
decided, you know, one way to get out of
this, and I have to admit, I came up
with this idea, is that of all the
deferments there are, and there weren't
many, in 1968, Vietnam was at its
height. The Ted offensive was January
68, right? So, this is a very dangerous
time. If you're a high school senior,
you've got like two options, right?
Well, three. One is get out of the
country, go to Sweden or Canada or
something. Uh, one is to go into the
university and stay in university as
long as you possibly can, maintaining a
high enough average that you can stay
out of Vietnam, but even then that's
like four years and after that, what are
you going to do? And the other option is
just go in the army, right? Says screw
it, I'm, you know, I'm in the army. So
those are the three options. But there
was a fourth. And the fourth was the US
government uh would not
um force you to join the military if you
were a priest in a church of some kind.
If you were a minister,
>> that was the the 4D deferment, I
believe.
>> And I said to my friend, I said, my
friend had a closet full of weird
religious paraphernalia because he
belonged to something called the Third
Order Franciscans, which is a kind of
lay order. It's religious but not
you're not really actually part of a
monastic order. It's it's somewhere in
between and but he he loved all that
stuff. So he had you know chalicees, he
had saboria, he had all the the the
fancy implements and stuff. His parents
were divorced. So he played one parent
off the other. So he would get money
from one, money from the other. He would
buy all this stuff, right? So he had
chazibles, he had uh cassics, he had all
the stuff that you really needed as a
Catholic priest. He could have opened a
Catholic church with all the stuff he
had. Without exaggeration.
So I said, "You have all this stuff. All
we have to do is incorporate as a church
and we're home free. That's all we have
to do. Then we're priests and screw it,
right?"
>> Mhm.
>> So we said, "What? That sounds doable,
right?"
>> The problem was we were under 18 at the
time. We couldn't sign legal documents
>> and we couldn't sign a corporation
document. I think in New York you had to
be 21. So we had to find people to sign
for us, but we eventually did. And we
incorporated the Ottophilis Savonic
Orthodox Church of North and South
America incorporated
>> which was just him and me
>> and one guy that we knew an older guy
that we uh we claimed was our archbishop
right
>> so we became like priests in this church
and that was going to be our function.
So we decided in order to make this even
realer if that's a word we would get
dressed in all this weird stuff orthodox
stuff. See, Catholic stuff, the
Catholics had a strangle hold on being
Catholic. But in the Orthodox world,
there's just hundreds of Orthodox
churches because they're national
churches. So you have Greek Orthodox
churches, Russian Orthodox, Serbian,
etc., etc. There was no Czechoslovak
Orthodox church. So, and that was our
background.
>> So, I said, "This is cool. We'll make a
Czechoslovak Orthodox." It just fell
into place.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> So, we do all this. It falls into place.
We're done. We got it. We have the weird
hats with the veils. We have crosses and
stuff and you know and we look genuine,
right? I mean for two 17 year olds we
did, [laughter] you know, which is like
a Halloween costume, right? But we kind
of pulled it off.
>> Yeah.
>> And uh then we decided we were going to
gate crash the funeral for Bobby
Kennedy. Bobby Kennedy just been
assassinated. It was June 68. Uh was a
big blow to me. I thought Bobby was
going to be our way of getting out of
Vietnam, the end of some of the racial
stuff that was going on. So this was
like a a major blow. another Kennedy
assassinated, right? My friend had
different ideas. To him, this was an
opportunity. He says, "They're going to
have the funeral in New York City at St.
Patrick's Cathedral. We know the people
at St. Patrick's. Why don't we just go
down there during the funeral and just
gate crash it, you know?" And I said,
"That doesn't they're going to have the
tightest security New York has ever
known, if not the country. another
Kennedy assassinated and the president's
going to be there and the senators and
the congressman and the the cabinet and
god knows who else. They're all going to
be in this room. No, I don't think so.
He says, "No, let's let's let's just try
it." So, we got on the subway the night
before and we go down and we talk to
some guy in there and you know, we're in
our full regalia and he says, "Oh, uh,
okay. Um, I don't know. Uh, you're not
on the list, but you know, come by and
then if we can get you in, we'll get you
in." Something like that. So we say,
"Okay, cool. We're two 17-year-olds.
Does this make any freaking sense at
all?"
>> No, it doesn't
>> at all. No.
>> So they say, "Okay." So we say, "Fine,
we're doing it." Right? So we go into
the church proper. The casket is already
there. Bobby is in St. Patrick's
Saturday night. So we go up to it and,
you know, do appropriately religious
things. And in the pew, the only people
in the church at the time is Rose
Kennedy and uh uh Jackie Onasses. So
they're there praying and we're looking
at them and you know and they're looking
at us like with all these people, right?
Whoa.
>> So we do this, you know, thing and we
just quietly leave. So the next day,
Sunday, uh my friend says, "We're gonna
do this, right?"
>> I said, "We can give it a shot." You
know, we rent a limo
and we rent this limo and we take it
from the Bronx to St. Patrick's.
It's really weird what you can get away
with in a limo, right? The limo pulls up
to the side entrance of the church where
all the celebrities are getting out. And
we're in the limo, so we must belong,
right? The driver opens up the door, we
get out and all this stuff that we're
wearing. Um, and the Secret Service runs
right up to us.
And we had made a decision, my friend
and I, that he would not speak because
he's like a foreign person and I would
do all the talking because I'm a fast
talker as you can possibly realize now.
>> But I had to do it in a foreign accent,
right? Because we had to be foreign
dignitaries. So the Secret Service agent
walks up to us and he says, "Russian
Orthodox representatives?" And I say,
"No, Sloanic Orthodox representatives."
And he says, "Oh, okay. Follow me." And
he leads us into the church. leads us
into the sanctuary where all the other
religious dignitaries are sitting on the
other side of the communion rail. If
you're Catholics, any of you listening,
you know, you don't go on the other side
of the communion rail unless you're a
priest or an alter boy or something. You
have some particular religious sassal
reason to be there. But we're we're
stuck right in the right in the front,
right? My friend on one side and me on
the other. We're just staring at each
other. We're in there and all these
bishops and clergy and other Orthodox
bishops are there. So, it's freaking us
out, right? But we're brassing it out.
We think, well, we're here, you know, no
one's going to believe this story. And
if I had been anybody else, if I had
been
a different person, I could have walked
in there with a device. You know what I
mean? I would have taken out
the American leadership was in that
room, not just the religious leadership.
>> It's an incredible
>> failure of security that this was
allowed to happen. I It's incredibly
wrong. And yet we just brassed out like
we belong there.
>> So we did do that. You know, we we were
there for the whole service. Um and then
because we're the last ones in, we were
the first ones out. So we were supposed
to lead the procession out of the
cathedral.
Lead it. No one knew who the hell we
were. The TV cameras are pointed at us.
Their clees are all over us. No one
knows who to how to identify us.
>> So there's probably video of you leading
a funeral procession for Bobby Kennedy.
I've been looking at this for it for a
long time. There's a very bad, very
blurry video.
>> That's wild.
>> You would think there would be some
perfect video of that, but there isn't.
>> That's a Forest Gump moment if I've ever
the Zelig moment.
>> Zelig wild.
>> Yeah,
>> but there is. And I just got uh just a
couple of days ago a still that somebody
got of the procession and the two of us
are there.
>> So we I know now, you know, this
tangible evidence that exists. It's
blurry, but it's us. I mean, you could
look and you can see these guys don't
belong where they are. So, we led the
procession out. It's a another story.
But how great was that? Because I had
Andy Williams and behind me singing the
battle hymn of the republic. I had
Leonard Bernstein conducting the
Hallelujah Chorus from the from Handle's
Messiah, right? As the doors open on
Rockefeller Center and Atlas holding up
the world. And this is in June 68. I'm
supposed to graduate high school that
month, right? And it's like, who needs
graduation, man? This is cool. this is
it, you know, but we also know we're in
deep [__] If somebody stops us, you
know, it's all over. So, we know how to
get out of the church. There's an
underground kind of a passageway. It's
not really that secret, but unless you
know, you know, you won't know it. So,
we decide to go out that way. And as
we're going out that way, of course, we
run into Rose Kennedy and Jackie again,
who are also trying to go out that same
way. Um, so we get out, but we take the
subway back. We didn't keep the limo.
Too expensive. And uh then we got back
to the Bronx and went back to school the
next day, you know, [laughter] with
teachers and students looking at us and
you know, saying,
"Nah, can't be." Right?
>> So, [laughter]
so we managed this, but the thing is,
the reason I'm telling you this story is
because on our way out, we bump into
guys from the American Orthodox Catholic
Church,
>> the intelligence front.
>> The intelligence front. They're outside.
They couldn't get in.
>> We did.
>> That's wild.
>> They couldn't.
>> Yeah. They're handing us this sort of
brochure. They're saying, "Come and come
and see us." Right?
>> And so, we're looking at each other and
we said, "Why not? We never heard of
this place. It's near the Bronx Zoo, if
that means anything. So, let's go and
take a look." And we took a look and we
we wound up joining, right? Because we
needed we were two 17 year olds. You
know, my friend turned 18 that month.
So, we needed to know that we're going
to get out of the selective service
thing, out of the draft. And so, one
thing led to another, and we did. But
the um there was a a quid proquo for
this.
>> So uh I I turned 18 at a different time
than my friend did. So he he got his
clearance before I did. So I was brought
to the um selective service board, the
headquarters in New York City to talk to
the head of selective service.
>> He's a really strange guy. I'll never
forget him. Um he wore these you know
elbow patches tweed jacket kind of guy
looking like an intelligence guy looking
like Alan Dulles kind of you know
>> and he said okay no problem you know
>> uh we're going to give you the thing
unless you want to be a a chaplain in
Vietnam we can arrange that making a
little joke you know yeah
>> very funny
>> he says this is the thing though
>> he says the Russians have been moving
agents into the United States through
the Orthodox churches
keep an eye
M
>> you let us know when you see one coming
through because you you know
>> who's who's real and who isn't, right?
>> You keep an eye out and just let us know
that's all and you're you're cool.
[laughter]
So they were trying to basically
operationalize you somewhat like
>> well the church itself as I found out
later I found out years and years later.
I mean I always suspected because I know
I saw weird [__] going on in that church
from the beginning.
>> But I found out years later going
through
>> Jim Garrison's files he had finally they
had finally released his his
correspondence.
>> And when I got to his correspondence and
I finally saw it, I found church
stationary that I had typed on back in
the day.
>> Wild. where the leader of the church,
guy called Propheta, was writing letters
to Jim Garrison saying, "When you're
finished with Jack Martin, can you send
him back to us?" Right. So, it's there.
It's in print. It's in the files. Well,
also a wild synchronicity that you end
up researching the JFK assassination and
you had been a part of this American
Orthodox Catholic Church that was this
intelligence front which had something
to do with the JFK assassination. That
is a time loop if I've ever seen one.
Doesn't make any freaking sense.
>> Doesn't make any sense.
>> I was 17. How the hell did we wind up in
that position?
>> What's up, guys? One of today's sponsors
is us, American Alchemy. We just
launched what I think is maybe the
coolest merch line in the world. When
you're wearing it, it's not like you're
shilling me or the channel. They're just
really epic, and I think they look good.
We have a couple of amazing designs for
you. We have our cowboy UFO tee. Pretty
epic. You see there's a rancher. He's
witnessing a UFO. A little cow is
getting abducted by the UFO in the
background. And then you know that I
love mid-century history, specifically
spooky science atomic era stuff. And so
we have our atomic age t here. Uh pretty
cool vibe. Uh you got a robot serving
this guy. A little martini and then a
UFO off to the side. Go to American
Alchemymerch.com
americanalchemymec.com
to check out all of this amazing new
apparel. The cowboy tea that I'm wearing
is 100% cotton, super relaxed fit. We
went for quality on these. Uh so check
them out.
>> So they say when you're, you know,
getting briefed like, "Hey, just look
out for Russian spies."
>> Um how how much more involvement do you
have with the church itself? And do you
see them, you know, do anything else
that's kind of suspicious or interesting
on the intelligence front?
>> When we were researching for our cover
story as Orthodox priests, we had a lot
of friends in the in two different
Orthodox churches. One was the Russian
Orthodox Church outside Russia. M this
is important because it shows up again
in New Orleans because all those
Russians around Lee Oswald and Marina
all all the people he was being
introduced to.
>> Mhm.
>> Okay. Were members of the Russian
Orthodox Church outside Russia. These
were the Russian Orthodox who were
anti-communist.
They fled uh Moscow during the
revolution uh the Russian revolution in
7 1917. They fled to Paris first and
then they opened up this operation in
New York. So these are Romanoffs, right?
And they brought all their treasure with
them and they brought a lot of priests
and bishops and stuff and they
established this church on the Upper
East Side in Manhattan on Park Avenue
and 93rd Street. And we would go in
there all the time, right? This was like
Dr. Jivago territory.
>> It was pure Russia. I mean, you were in
Russia when you're on in those premises,
right?
>> So there was a high school there. We
befriended the principal of the high
school. So we would, you know, we would
know a lot of background stuff of what
was going on until the other Russians
found out that he was talking to us. Uh,
in which case they pushed him down an
elevator shaft and broke his legs. We
visited him in the hospital and he says,
"Don't come back again." You know, that
was Brother Victor. Another whole story.
The other church was the one on 97th
Street and Fifth and that was the
Russian church that owed allegiance to
Moscow. That's the one they were running
agents through. Okay. We would go there
once in a while just to hang out and
watch them because they had a whole
different way of doing the the liturgy.
It was a kind of a different setup and
we would just sit there and watch them.
And we would know when a young priest
showed up from the old country. And uh
there's one particular
thing you're taught during ordination.
That's a kind of a secret prayer that is
is responsible for changing the bread
and wine into the body and blood, right?
which is the whole transubstantiation
thing that we learned about in Catholic
school. Well, in the Orthodox Church,
it's almost the same, kind of similar,
but there's a prayer and a gesture that
you do to make this change official, to
call down the forces to make this
happen. They don't know it because they
didn't go through the actual real
training. They went through training to
be spies and they got enough training to
pass as Orthodox priests, but they
didn't get everything quite often.
Sometimes the people in Moscow cleverly
kept that back a little bit and that was
a signal to the guys back in the states
or abroad wherever that the person they
were sending over was not to be trusted.
Right? He was KGB. So you had priests
who were KGB. Now if you ever watched
there was American television series
called the Americans.
It was about a husband and wife deep uh
sleeper agents in the United States
during that time. The very last season,
for those of you who can go back and
take a look, featured finally, because I
watched that thing from beginning to
end, waiting for this, the final season
showed the priests who were operating as
K who were KGB agents operating as
priests.
>> Wow.
>> And they were running, you know,
operations in New York. And so they
finally talked about it. But for us,
that was a big deal. And that basically
kept me out of Vietnam also.
>> Right. So this was like an important an
important aspect of all of this was the
fact that all of this was going on. Now
this is all happening in 1968, right?
I'm still 18 by that time I'm 18 years
old. So now I mean I'm in the middle of
all of this stuff, but I don't know it's
related to the Kennedy assassination at
all. I have no clue. But I know there's
intelligence operations going on. I know
this guy is running ops because the only
people who ever showed up uh were FBI
CIA types, right? And he bragged about
it. The bishop who ran the church,
Propheta, he was very, you know, proud
of the fact and he constantly said that
his people were vetted by Jay Edgar
Hoover himself. That's how the vetting
was going on. That's why he called
people back to have them vetted. Hoover
himself would approve or disapprove his
selection of priests and bishops.
>> So, this was obviously for what reason,
right? It had to be for an intelligence
operation. So we had strange guys coming
in from all over the world to become
bishops.
>> People didn't even know how to genulect
or make the sign of the cross, right?
And we're making these guys bishops,
giving them papers and sending them
back, photographing the ritual so it
looks legit. So this was happening all
the time. So we had guys from Italy at
one point. So the Italian consulate sent
people to observe this one guy becoming
a bishop and we're sending him back.
>> But the weirdest one was during the
Bafra crisis in Nigeria. Also in the 60s
there was a civil war going on in
Nigeria. So you had the Bapans who were
like the the the Christian element
fighting against a a Muslim uh group in
Nigeria. So they were looking for uh
independence from Nigeria.
So the Nigerians sent us this guy. I'll
never forget him because I had to go to
the airport to pick him up. His name was
the Holy Prophet Aluyah. That was his
name.
>> HP [clears throat] Aluyah. Holy Prophet
HP. I pick him up at the airport in in
excuse me, in all kinds of African garb,
right? So, as he would be as an African.
So, I pick him up at the airport. We
take the the the limo, I guess, back to
the uh back to the Bronx. And he's going
on about, you know, how happy he is and
all the rest of it to be, you know, a
member of this organization. And we
consecrate him a bishop. He's now
bishop, holy prophet allelujah. And the
Nigerian embassy is there. Nigerian
consulate rather in New York is there.
It's the Nigerian side,
not the Baffan side, not the Christian
side. It's the other side, the
nationalist side, the federal side that
want him as a bishop, as a Christian
bishop to convince other Nigerians in
the Christian side to stay with Nigeria
as against Bafra. This was a a ploy
>> in the civil war. The civil war was
raging when we did this. and we put him
back on the plane the next day. He goes
back to Nigeria. God knows what happened
to him after that. We don't know. Never
heard from him again.
>> This is fascinating and it's just
touching off a whole life for you of
catching the attention of intelligence
agencies
>> by accident. by accident through pure
serendipity. I want to make that clear
to any conspiratorial audience members
because I think that is emblematic
actually of your life is
>> uh it seems like you
kind of try to you seek kind of sacred
truth
>> and I think uh at times that sacred
truth is you know incidental to
knowledge that might be held by you know
government organizations and then they
get very interested in in you right
>> um
>> uh you started this story off by saying
first rule fight club and then you also
Alo said that this story was sort of
indicative for you of just how trippy
reality is, how there's something else
going on. Why is that for you and why
how do you think the fight club analogy
relates to this? Yeah, good question
because I'm glad you picked up on that.
Um,
I barely graduated high school. Uh, I
came from a kind of a broken home
situation. So, there's a lot of
weirdness in my family. We had traveled
around a lot uh here and there. strange
things happened to us and for for a
while in 1965-66
um I was fascinated with occultism in
general at least what we knew of it at
the time which was not much
>> and so uh Ouija board stuff seances that
kind of thing so I was like totally into
it right
>> and it it was a source of paranormal
phenomenon we actually had paranormal
phenomenon we were kids
>> uh I was 15 years old I had a brother
and sister were younger
>> what would happen
>> you know table levitation that kind the
table rising, table tapping phenomenon
that the Victorians were so
>> proud of. But
>> yeah,
>> so we had that. We had tables rising in
the air, slamming down. We had knocks on
the table,
>> all of that stuff. And I'm going to high
school
>> in the Bronx, you know, taking science
classes and I know that I can't talk
about this to anybody, right? Because
this is against the, you know, they
would tell me I was crazy or imagining
it and
>> uh, you know, questioning my sanity or
whatever. And but I I know what I saw,
right? So these things would happen but
only in the beginning and this is like a
key element of how this works right this
weird stuff will happen in the beginning
because that sucks you right in.
>> And once that happens you cannot deny
the evidence of your senses.
>> Um there's nobody playing a hoax in that
room because it's just your family. They
don't have believe me the wherewithal to
carry on a hoax like that. It was a
little little too you know elaborate and
that happens. And what happened after
that was uh members of my family became
sort of entranced with this process
>> to the point where the phenomena never
really mattered much anymore. It was the
contact with spirits.
>> It was the contact with the other side
that became an overriding thing and that
drained me completely. That was
completely something that really
bothered me a great deal
>> because it was going nowhere. It was
nonsense. At one point we were told
there was going to be an Aboriginal
uprising in Australia
outside of Perth that was very specific.
>> Mhm.
>> And we thought, "Oh my god, this is
going to happen. People are going to
die."
>> So my mother and I
>> You were told by the spirits
>> by the spirits in detail
>> in sort of a download or auditory. Did
you hear it?
>> Ouija board.
>> Ouija board. Whoa.
>> Letter by letter. This is how draining
this this is, right? So, we have all
this information, my mother and I, and
we go to the consulate, the Australian
consulate in New York,
>> to warn them of this. That's how off the
charts insane it becomes, cuz they're
looking at us like, don't think so.
[laughter]
>> I really don't think so, but thanks for
coming in. Uh-huh.
>> So I knew in pretty much at that moment
if not before really because I was
hesitant to do all this that there was
something totally wrong that was taking
place here,
>> right? That the phenomenon in the
beginning is is the is the hook, right?
>> And the hook is real. But then you make
a lot of assumptions about what's behind
the the curtain, right?
>> And so you follow that and wherever they
lead, you follow. And that's a serious
mistake. Yes.
>> Right.
But pay attention to it anyway if you're
there. Pay attention to it. Make note
because this may come in handy later. If
nothing else, to reassure you that
you're not going crazy, that this stuff
does happen, but that it means something
else. It doesn't mean what you think it
is,
>> that you're putting a lot into this more
than you're getting. You're you're
you're putting a lot of attention.
You're giving it information. You're
feeding it
>> and you're getting a feedback from what
you're feeding it.
>> Right? M
>> this is a dangerous field for some
people.
>> Um you can go off
>> the deep end for if you're already weak.
>> If you're already kind of you don't have
critical thinking ability. Um you don't
have a lot of you know psychological
strength let's say. Yeah. From that
point of view this can lead you astray
easily. It leads people astray a lot.
>> The I these are fanties fantasies right
and the fantasies are really powerful
and really dangerous and fantasies can
sometimes become ideologies. And when
they become ideologies, they take on
another power because they seem like
they're real, too. More real than the
fantasy because they involve real
people, real events, real resources.
So then you're you're involved in this
thing that I became fascinated with when
I started writing Sinister Forces. How
do these fantasies
influence our actual everyday lives?
Even if we don't believe in the
fantastic, but we're in we swim in a sea
of fantasies, of ideologies, of people
insisting certain things are true when
they're not, you know. So, and you and
you believe and trust these people,
right, for whatever reason. And this is
what is is really dangerous. So, I when
I started to to shift my studies away
from um sort of Ouija board style
occultism, I wanted to know there was
something darker, there was something
deeper. Is there a way to exert control
>> and not be controlled?
>> Because being controlled to me was was a
disaster that I witnessed. So, how can I
then exert control over this phenomenon?
>> Is it possible? And that sort of led me
down this this path that I've been on
since that time, since 1965 roughly
until this time was to find out how do
you exert control over it? And exerting
control does not always mean what what
you think it means. You know, like the
sorcerers apprentice, you know, Mickey
Mouse with the the the the mops and the
buckets. If you remember the first
opening scene of Fantasia, which why
would you? But anyway, this is a famous
it's a famous trope, right? The
sorcerer's apprentice, the sorcerer's
apprentice is out of touch. Really
thinks they understand how it works
because they've watched the sorcerer and
now they're doing the same thing and
they cannot control it. It goes out of
control completely. So, the sorcerer has
to come in and fix it. Right? So this is
this is the problem that that we face.
The idea of control is not always what
we think it is. That control sometimes
starts internally. You have to build up
an internal system of of control first,
right? And that can only happen when you
have an internal system of understanding
when you really know what's going on,
when you know yourself.
>> Um, and that doesn't mean in the sort of
hippies 60s know yourself kind of thing.
It means something a little darker,
maybe a little deeper certainly, but to
really know um
the way you interact with the outside
world, that point of tangence between
yourself and the outside world, that's
where the the sort of matrix is. Talking
about reality to go back to your again
original question, the idea of reality,
what is it? As Robin Williams said,
reality, what a concept.
>> Yeah,
>> it is a malable concept for sure. And we
all have different versions of it. You
have to figure out what your version of
it is and and and kind of go from there
slowly, step by step.
>> I almost think control is almost a
misnomer too. Like having some sort of
deliberate intention
>> feels like of utmost importance, but
there are all these paradoxes like
probably in order to quote unquote
control you need to like be okay losing
control at the same time having faith in
something higher. I think of control,
you know, there's obviously the
proverbial kind of left-hand path and
occultism, right? Or the idea of sort of
storming heaven or something, you know,
[clears throat] with with, you know, you
write about this in, you know, your book
about celestial ascent traditions, you
know, a stairway to heaven. And so, um,
>> yeah, it's a it's like it feels like
this like really hard art form that is,
uh, you know,
>> you've touched on it. Exactly. It's an
art form.
>> Yeah. It's not a science.
>> Not exactly. Not yet.
>> Um, Alistister Crowley famously said,
>> "Magic is the science and art of causing
change to occur
>> in conformity with will." It's a pretty
good introductory statement. Um, it is
an art. You begin to realize it is an
art. That which motivates art, that
which creates art, that feeling, that
artistic expression, that's closer to
what this is
>> than science. But science has an input
to it, right? The more we understand
about the artistic impulse, the more we
can kind of isolate the scientific parts
of it, understand how they work. If
we're talking about consciousness, we
are now in that murky territory where
art and science kind of mix. And it may
be that art will have us have more to
tell us about how consciousness works
than science right now, right? Because
we're kind of limited into
repeatability
>> with science. Science depends upon
repeatability of an experiment.
>> And this is what's destroyed a lot of
people in the occult field.
>> Um, broadly speaking, especially the
mediums, the the clairvoyants, the
people who claim to predict the future
and things like that, once they've done
it a few times, like the table knocking
that I experienced, you know, you have
that a few times, people want you to
repeat it, and you can't under those
circumstances. quite often it's really
difficult to do, right? So, you make up,
you fake it and that's the part where
you lose your soul to this whole process
where you try to keep people interested.
You try to keep the the public on your
side. You try to prove that your initial
experience was real.
>> So, you fake another experience hoping
nobody will notice. Right.
>> And that's that's where you cross the
line. Yeah.
>> Exactly. You have to be willing to
understand that your experience is
possibly non-re repeatable not under
scientific laboratory conditions
difficult to do right you get like some
statistical anomalies with the remote
viewers and with you all those guys at
the SRRI and all you know all those guys
who were testing all of this you'll get
statistical you know improvements you
got Ingo Swan who did tremendous work uh
in that area right but it's still when
you force somebody to do something
unless they're really masters of already
>> it's not going to happen.
>> Yeah, it feels like unless something's
truly kind of heart-c centered, there's
always some sort of mean reversion or
rebound effect. If you look at all the
random event generators or remote
viewing or any of these things,
>> you end up with all these kind of, you
know, infighting dynamics of the
participants. You know, you think
they're like the most conscious people,
but they're kind of like the most
unconscious in some ways. And the
effects always fail on them in the end.
there's always almost this Fouian kind
of like blow up moment at the end where
like [laughter] it all goes to [__] and
um you know there's a a biblical story
of Simon of Maggus who uses like black
magic to levitate and then he sees Peter
and Paul
>> you know levitating much higher and I
think the word Simony comes from the
fact that he tried to like
>> buy their ability which came from God to
to levitate you know super super high
>> and so there are all these it feels like
you know what you're talking about
navigating in this terrain is uh you're
you're you're walking a very straight
and narrow path. There's there are a
bunch of landmines everywhere.
>> Everywhere.
>> Yeah.
>> And so where's the fight club analogy
come in?
>> Well,
when you're asked to define
this field, when you're asked to define
I don't like the word occultism because
it sounds like Marxism or capitalism,
like it sounds like an ideology, right?
And it's not,
>> or maybe for some people it is.
>> Um, when you're asked to define it,
let's let's use the term magic because
it's kind of universal.
>> When you're asked to define it, you
can't you fall apart. You can't define
fight club.
>> You can't talk about it. If you try to
talk about it, the problem is the
language that I'm using relies upon a a
set of of assumptions that we all make
about what those words mean.
>> And that's a real problem. Mhm.
>> Okay. So, we're talking in a language we
think we both understand what we're
saying, but there's a point at which I
know we're not.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> Right. And we're trying. We're honestly,
we can honestly try. We sincerely want
to, but our language itself is in the
way. The tools that we're using are are
difficult. They're providing roadblocks.
>> Yeah. Or like if you think of each of us
as kind of like a measurement instrument
like your aperture needs to be
adequately open to sort of resonate with
this you know it's like the Jesus saying
you need ears to hear
>> or I have to calibrate to yours.
>> Sure.
>> Right. The other way right
>> so I mean this is this is the problem
that we face and that's just in English.
>> Yeah.
>> When you're talking about understanding
it from you know Jewish kabala for
instance I've done a lot of study in
that direction. are we talking about um
other you know Chinese uh alchemy for
instance I mean they're using language
we translate it into English so we think
we know what they're talking about but
there's always that point at which you
know we don't know there's always that
point where you where they're saying
something they mean something else than
what is really being translated right
>> so this is this is a problem that's why
they use pictures that's why alchemy
uses pictures and Chinese alchemy uses
pictures and occultism is replete with
images and pictures,
which is how to go back to all the way
back to the beginning of this
conversation, which is how the abductees
and contactees feel that they're
communicating with alien intelligences,
>> not through words, but through images.
>> Yeah, it feels like a mimemetic layer
that is sort of sublinguistic or
something. You know, one of my favorite
uh Terrence McKenna quotes is a secret
is not something that isn't told. It's
something that cannot be told. So to
your point, it's like sort of inherently
locked in,
>> right?
>> And you know, if you were a true secret
society, not one of these sort of things
that like
>> I don't know, they wear this fake garb
or whatever, then uh it would be sort of
inherently impenetrable and it would
like sort of act on some hermet like
truly hermetically sealed layer that
like even certain participants in it
wouldn't even know they were a part of
it.
>> Right.
>> So So yeah, it's so fascinating. Um,
[laughter] where do we go from here?
Well, I What does all of this have to do
with UFOs? Because you and Tom Dong, who
I think is extremely knowledgeable on
this topic and and both both of you guys
in your own ways caught the attention of
some extremely impressive people in the
government. people like Neil McCasslin
and Rob Weiss uh who I guess isn't
government he was skunk works locked but
you know adjacent um
>> do do you want to talk about that
process of how you know similar to your
your your experience in the um you know
orthodox Catholic church how you kind of
bumped into the highest levels of
government
>> and their interest in the topics of
non-human intelligence Tom contacted me
I think much the way you you No. Um,
just out of the clear blue sky.
>> And it was the end of 2014.
Um, November I think when I first he
first contacted me and I didn't believe
it was Tom Dong. Um, cuz I get a lot of
weird emails as you might expect and
some very strange [laughter]
some strange phone calls also. And so I
uh, you know, okay. But then I I did a
little background and got back to him I
think the same day later or something
and he said, "Okay, let's talk." And we
spoke on the phone first. We had a lot
of very long conversations uh from 2014
to the beginning of 2015. Went on for
hours.
>> And but basically his pitch was
I want to knock on doors. I want to go
to their offices. I want to find out
what's going on with the UFO phenomenon
once and for all.
>> I think this is the time we're going to
go. We're just going to do what we can
to do it. whatever resources I have due
to my celebrity, uh, due to whatever
other resources I might have, contacts
in in in government and, uh, and in the
military and all the rest of it, we're
going to exploit these as much as we can
to get to the bottom of this.
>> And why is he reaching out to you to say
this?
>> You know, he's he never actually told me
point blank why.
>> He never came out and said this was the
moment. Why? My
assumption is because of a presentation
I did in Amsterdam
uh around 200 I don't remember 2007 8 n
something like that early 2000s um on
the the secret space program was the
name of this of this thing I was invited
to come there and talk on the secret
space program I had no clue what he
meant this guy right um in Amsterdam
this this Dutch guy contacted me and
says we want you to you know whatever
you want to talk about but this is the
name this is the theme, the overall
theme. Um, and so I said, "Okay, I'll
talk about, you know, I'll talk about
what we've just talked about about the
UFO situation, the connection to the
Kennedy assassination. We'll do that."
Right? So, I did that. Um, and it was at
that symposium that I met like
everybody. U I met Richard Dolan was
there.
>> Um, Timothy Good was there.
>> In fact, we split a bottle of scotch.
>> Wow. Uh we had nothing else to do
[laughter]
after the whole thing was over. We were
in a part of Amsterdam. It was kind of
remote from many place else. So we just
sat there and drank. Um I met um a lot
of a lot of people from the industry, I
guess you'd call it, the community who
were there giving various speeches about
various things. But I made this one
speech about this and yeah, it was weird
because it was a you know, slides and I
had pictures of everybody and you know,
I showed them who they were like in the
movie JFK. You know, here's Jack Martin.
Here he is in real life wearing the real
stuff and here's you know back and forth
and went through the whole thing and
talked about secrecy government secrecy
where the UFO project was concerned and
I said you know this is this is the
problem. You know there's a lot of weird
stuff here. You're not being told the
weird stuff. I only happen to know it
from an accident. I happen to have been
there and seen some of the weird stuff.
I said the weird stuff is there but it's
all considered classified. However, I
said our information is not considered
classified. my personal information is
not classified. I said, we need to spin
that around where we can tell the
government, you know, our information is
classified. You can't have it. Right?
For some reason, I was just riffing
because they told me to keep it going
because I my speech had been too short.
Right? The other guy wasn't coming on
for like 15 minutes. They said, "Can you
throw it out?" So, I said, "Okay, I'll
talk. I'll keep on going. You know, what
can I riff on what I just said?" And I
spin it out to that statement. And
suddenly, he gets a standing ovation.
Right. I'm thinking, "Holy crap, what
kind of a crew am I here with? I'm
surrounded by all these people who
thought this was this was the point. I'm
talking about the Kennedy
assassination." You know, Hoover and,
you know, eh Howard Hunt and all these
guys and Fred Krisman and Guy Bannister
and the part they liked was the
classified part, right? So anyway, that
was that got carried on a lot of YouTube
channels. Suddenly that was all over the
place, right? that one particular
presentation got a lot of views,
hundreds of thousands of views when it
first came out.
>> So, I think that might have been the
trigger
>> because nobody ever associated me with
the UFO phenomenon before. I had written
about it in in secret machines. Yeah,
excuse me.
>> Sinister Forces.
>> Yeah.
>> Too many books getting confused.
>> But in uh Sinister Forces, there's just
one chapter on Well, there's one chapter
on the assassination with all these
weird guys.
>> Yeah. Okay. And then in a later volume
called communion, there's a chapter on
the UFO phenomenon per se
>> and conversations I had with Whitley
Strieber who had contacted me years
earlier uh for something kind of
unrelated. But you know, we began this
long conversation on email uh by on on
this subject also.
>> What do you think they meant when they
said hey come speak about the secret
space program? because that uh term
carries a lot of baggage and is often
associated with the network Gaia and
Corey good and you know this idea of 20
and back or whatever and this sort of
you know all that sort of stuff which
seems like honestly BS to me
>> and yet
>> you write about celestial ascent and you
know the idea that um
>> you know you can you can ascend through
seven levels and that there's sort of
this map that, you know, maps to, you
know, um the Big Dipper and and and uh
and the North Star. And so, um
>> does that somehow have to do with some
sort of secret space program? That
concept, the like cobalist,
>> that would be so cool, wouldn't it?
>> Con that would be interesting.
[laughter]
>> It would be really cool. I don't think
so. No, but
>> what what you're talking about the 20
and back and all this other stuff,
that's that's supposed to be literal.
>> That's supposed to be you get into a
spaceship and you go. we have technology
to do that. And I've heard I mean I was
on a a panel with guys I mean who
insisted that we have trade agreements
with other planets and stuff and we're
we're trading back and forth.
>> Do you believe any of that or
>> absolutely not?
>> Okay.
>> Not not any of it.
>> Yeah. I don't really either.
>> I'm not part of the Corey good crowd or
the Steven Wilcox if I can drop other
names.
>> Same. They just
>> But then sometimes I think about those
guys and I'm like if you were wanted to
stigmatize a thing, you'd put out a
thing that's adjacent to the truth and
ridiculous sounding and nobody would
ever look at that thing again,
>> right?
>> And so, you know, I don't know. Is it is
there anything there
>> from my way of thinking? Everything I've
heard them say and everything they've
put forward, I have to I've been to a
lot of contact in the desert
>> stuff over the years, right?
>> Yeah. I was initially invited long ago
to replace somebody I think and uh then
I was invited to replace Jim Mars who
was sick that year and who who passed
away that year. He was a good friend.
>> Um so I I was at a lot of contact in the
desert things and I've heard a lot of
weird stuff. I've been on a lot of
panels with people who insisted on on
things that were just simply not true,
especially when it came to comparing all
this stuff and mixing it in together
with occult ideas. Right? When they
started doing that, then they really
lost me because they were obviously
talking about things they did not know
or understand.
>> Yeah.
>> Stuff that they had read on a website
somewhere or something. And so they drew
all of these correspondences together
and were promoting these weird
combinations of things. Right.
>> And I I kept strenuously trying to point
that out even publicly on on the dis
with everybody else saying, "No, that's
not how this works." Right? That is not
how it works. What do you mean? Of
course. No, it's not how it works.
Right? Did you listen to me the last
half hour? No, it doesn't work. So
there's been that push back. They want
to believe in this. It gives them a
format. It gives them it gives them
freedom to make [__] up. Yeah.
>> Is what it is. And when you throw a cult
in there, you can make [__] up. Well, it
almost feels like based on you're
discussing the interconnection between
the JFK assassination and the UFO
phenomenon that there are sort of
reality managers like maybe even like
above humanity that can like choreograph
or pull the strings on things and and
and and that does have to do with the
occult. Like I think of
>> you know the Borderlands Society, this
sort of occult research group like in
the ' 40s. They were aware of certain
UFO crashes before the government was
and there's documentation of that.
>> Y
>> you have stuff with James Jesus Angleton
and Hugh Angel being involved in the
Knights of Malta and certain secret
societies. And so and then obviously a
lot of the early CIA was sort of skull
and bones. And so you wonder is there
some
>> hermetic substructure like we think of
you know the government disclosure like
the president knows everything but like
is there some sort of choreography going
on behind the scenes that most humans
aren't aware of? Maybe a few are
>> well the whole the whole point of
sinister forces was that there are
sinister forces.
>> Yeah.
>> Right. But these sinister forces are
such that to um to equate them with how
shall I put it
20 and back.
>> Yeah.
>> No. Come on.
>> No. Yeah.
>> So I mean this this is the the thing is
is there an occult
concept here? Obviously we've shown I
think I've shown through documentation
the connection with the UFO phenomenon
and the Kennedy assassination as an
example. That's these are documented
individuals. had documented histories.
Right? So that we know and the churches
that's again documented, right? So all
of this is is there. But does that mean
there's a cabal of high ranking
Freemasons or something pulling the
strings? No. No. Because that that's too
public again, right?
>> That's too that's not how this works. So
there is a again we're talking about
Fight Club.
>> Yeah. There is
a mechanism.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> Whereby these things happen, right?
Whereby a mystic, a Belgian mystic,
you know, at the turn of the century in
Europe could predict Kennedy's
assassination.
>> Tell me about that.
>> Um, well,
there was a mystic [laughter]
>> who wrote uh the famous play The
Bluebird.
>> Okay. They made movies out of it.
Materlink. Maurice. Matlink, Belgian
mystic,
>> and he was a mystic. He was an
astrologer. He was a mystic. He also won
the Nobel Prize for literature. And he
wrote the Bluebird, which they made into
various versions. And if we get into
Bluebird, that's pulling on a whole
bunch of threads that you don't we
really don't have time.
>> Well, Operation Bluebird was preMK
Ultra.
>> Yes. Yes, it was. It was the first MK
>> Was it named after Metallink?
>> This is the point I'm coming to make.
>> Okay.
>> Because the same guy who wrote that
wrote a play called The Cloud That
Lifted. M
>> and the cloud that lifted is about the
assassination of a political leader
where shots were fired from a grassy
null. We don't know how many shots were
fired. There's a discrepancy and the guy
who fired the shots um might have worked
for Russia according to the plot of the
play.
>> Lee Harvey Oswald
>> and his name was Alec which was Lee
Harvey Oswald's name in Minsk and he
lived [laughter] there. His name was
that is wild.
>> This was all written before Kennedy was
born. So if there's somebody pulling the
strings, is it a somebody the way we
think of a somebody or is it a mechanism
of some kind as valet called it, a
control mechanism?
>> Yeah.
>> Right.
>> It it feels like that. It feels like
things are sort of, you know, like the I
think the newagy dumb word we use to
describe it term is like quantum
entangled or something, but it feels
like that. Like that's one example where
the probability of that sort of
prediction at that level of specificity.
so goes beyond like any sort of prosaic
explanation around survivorship bias or
you know like selectivity bias or
whatever and there are tons of other
examples if you look for this sort of
thing there's this book written by
Morgan Robertson in 1898 called Wreck of
the Titan or Futility Wreck of the Titan
and this ship is called the Titan and it
crashes in the middle of the Atlantic at
night
>> uh it hits an iceberg and it's the
largest you know uh liner of its time
and it's in April
And it's the same size as the Titanic.
And so it's you get down to like levels
of specificity that are insane. And it's
like basically a decade before the
Titanic. I think some blue-blooded
elites were on board. The astros were on
board the the actual Titanic. Um
>> so you have a lot of these examples.
There's a sci-fi author Dean Counz who
predicted COVID the Wuhan lab. Um, you
have this kind of modern, you know,
self-proclaimed prophet talking about
Trump getting shot in the ear in the ear
that he was shot in,
>> right?
>> Like four months before it happened or
whatever. You have the adventures of
Dawn and Baron Trump and their time
traveling adventures, which is a book
that was written, I think, also in the
19th century. So, it's just crazy how
many examples.
>> And there was there was a book that uh
talked about the Texas Tower sniper
before it ever happened. Wow. Wow.
>> With specificity even to the name of the
police chief who was not the police
chief at the time. Uh even to the name
of the police chief who was the police
chief eventually the one who who solved
the case who who got the sniper. His
name is actually mentioned in the book
and he was not part of the police at
that time. He was not anywhere near it.
Right. So the whole Texas Tower sniper
thing was completely completely
described in advance.
>> Was that Texas A&M or where Texas&M that
was&m? Yeah. And and so is this like
you're glitching into a future that
already, you know, in a block universe
like pre-exists and you're sort of like,
you know, figuring that out, figuring
out what's happening. You're getting
some download or is it some sort of
predictive programming where you are
causing the future by writing about
these things?
>> I think we have to go back to Russ Cole
>> and time is a spiral. Um, kind of time
is a spiral. Um,
the glitch is the proof. The glitch is
the proof that this is
a malible reality that we live in.
>> Um, I'll give you an example in in
Indonesia. I spent some time in
Indonesia.
>> Fascinating place. It's a place that
from a western perspective makes no
sense because we think of things in a
certain way. And when you go to a
country like Indonesia which is the a
majority Muslim country
over 250 million people Muslims the
fourth largest country in the world and
you think of it as an as a Muslim it is
a Muslim primarily country but it's
replete with Hindu and Buddhist statuary
uh archaeological sites going back
hundreds and hundreds of years right
which are maintained and kept and
sometimes you'll find incense burning
and flowers brought and all the rest of
it right in this impossible place
they have a series of calendars
right they don't use just one calendar
right so they use our calendar like for
business purposes and general
international purposes then there's the
Muslim calendar which is a lunar
calendar okay all Muslim countries do
that but then they have a bunch of other
calendars right there's a five week a
fiveday week calendar for instance and
they they calculate special days special
uh ritual days based on these on these
things and the whole point is it's a a
civilization
very aware, very conscious
of coincidence.
>> Coincidence is like the thing that shows
you there's a force in the universe.
When these calendars start to coincide
at specific places, that's like the
coincidence that starts something off,
right?
>> So, they don't measure time the same way
that we're they're measuring it by solar
and lunar and a bunch of other systems,
right? and they interlock kind of. And
so they they publish books called a
primon, which is like a like um an
almanac, right? To tell the future, to
decide when you're born, you know,
things about your life, what dreams
mean, and all the rest of it. But then
there's the calendars that are very
important. So if you're conducting
rituals, you have to follow not the
regular calendar, you have to follow one
of these ritual calendars,
>> which are five day week calendars as an
example, right? So you have those that
you have to follow. So then you're
building up a mindset that's based on
the idea of synchronicity and
coincidence and different levels of
reality operating at different times.
Right. Or operating at the same time but
different levels of reality.
>> So fascinating.
>> So you can be in one or the other.
>> Yes.
>> Right. So which enables them basically
to be Muslim and in in the case in my
case of of living they're Javanese.
Right. People from the island of Java.
They have their own traditions, their
own ways of doing things. They visit
graves, right, which you're not supposed
to do if you're Islamic. And they have
other practices that we would find
really strange and which Muslims find
very strange also. But they're protected
by their Islamic faith and by the imams
and everybody else. And they're doing
things that we would consider perhaps a
little questionable. Right.
>> Like what?
>> I know you were going to ask me that.
[laughter]
>> My psychic powers are working. Hold on.
Um well for instance I I was fascinated
by this one thing that I had heard about
and I could not believe um but it's
true. There is a cemetery. There's a
number of cemeteries in Java that that
do this. There's one in particular u
that I visited that um
in this cemetery
if you're a Muslim and you're a devout
Muslim is only for devout Muslims. This
is not for tourists.
Um you go to this particular spot, there
is the grave of a famous prince who had
died on that spot and his his grave is
there but a lot of other graves as well.
It's a cemetery uh an Islamic cemetery
and you go there um because you need
something you know like Catholics have
novenas right uh those who are Catholic
know what a novena is. It's like every
you know uh nine every good Friday every
every first Friday is nine in a row or
something you you perform a a ritual you
pray for something to happen some good
thing to happen uh somebody is sick you
want them healed or you need success in
business or whatever it happens to be
you pray a novena for it well this is
something similar again using that
calendar so on the on a particular day
every month you go to this site and you
have sex with a stranger
Jesus,
>> not necessarily Jesus, but a stranger
[laughter]
and at a at a burial at a grave.
>> Yeah. Okay. Let me let me back up a
little bit.
>> Okay.
>> You have to be married first because
Islam does not approve of extrammarital
relationships.
>> Mhm.
>> So, there's an imam there who will
perform the marriage ceremony. So, you
marry this stranger in a regular
ceremony.
Then you have sex in the cemetery either
on the ground, you know, on a grave or
they've been building little shacks,
little huts for this purpose as well.
And that takes place and then in the
morning you go to the imama and you get
divorced.
What? It's legal.
And then the next month you come back,
the same thing happens again. And you do
that for a spec specified number of
times. Depends on the on the purpose. It
depends on what what book you're
reading, I guess. But that's that's what
it's done and it's it's done. It's I I
was there and I w I didn't witness the
act but I
>> what is the symbolic purpose of that?
>> Ah
this is where Indian and Javanese things
start to to combine start to come
together right it the the the kings of
Java of Indonesia in general before the
rise of Islam were considered tantric
kings. Um, Bora Budor is a beautiful
example. Prammanan also which is Hindu
and Buddhist. The her the they were very
involved in the tantric interpretation
of Indian religion. In fact, even the
Dalai Lama came to bless the Boraur
monument as saying this was a
representative of Azarayana Buddhism.
This was this was their um their system,
their Tibetan system. The guy who
brought Buddhism to Tibet, Atisha,
studied in Indonesia before he left and
went to India and then brought somehow
the the teachings were brought to Tibet.
So there's a Tibet India Indonesia
connection that's very strong. So we
don't know all the details on this very
well, but there's a story about the
prince and a lost love and uh you know
his his his the love of his life died
and then he committed suicide or
something. So you go and you reenact
this this wedding night at his grave to
get his attention so that he bestows
upon you these whatever it is that
you're looking for.
Wow. [laughter] That is crazy. But it's
it's it's fascinating
that you have whole groups of people.
You know, there's studies that like the
language you have determines your
outlook on life and and your kind of
perceptive epistemology itself. Sure.
>> So like Germans are more pessimistic
because like they speak more in past
tense or something
botching that slightly, but like
something like that.
>> And so yeah, if if you have a a you
know, kind of a whole epistemology that
is more based on meaning than time,
right?
>> And connections between events versus
just some like, you know, um flowing of
time that is sort of permanent. Um you
know you have the you know the the
proverbial kind of river of time that
you know you get out you can't you never
get out in the same place twice
>> that will probably be get a whole
different you know epistemology in life
that you would lead and and society and
culture you know if you extrapolate that
out so it's fascinating you know time is
the most used noun in the English
language and it's completely undefinable
it's definable only with respect to the
movement of bodies or even you know in
in science it's sort you know,
oscillations on an electromagnetic wave
or something. But it's uh it's so weird
and it's weird scientifically too. You
know, it's taken as this kind of um
classical axiom in quantum mechanics. Uh
but you know, you have time uncertainty
with level of energy, you know, just
like you have position and momentum
uncertainty. Um and uh and then
obviously you have time dilation in kind
of a general relativity context. And
then gravity kind of makes sense in, you
know, doesn't make sense, you know, in
in the quantum context. And um and then
gravity and time are obviously extremely
interlin and related. Like time slows
the closer you get to like a black hole,
for example. So time itself is just so
weird. It's so weird.
>> It's more of an experience than anything
else.
>> It's more It's experience itself.
>> Yeah. And then there's probably some
some substrate of meaning that like like
you're uh your your your mind is sort of
a time machine that's like reading
something that's that's that's reality
itself that's much deeper.
>> It's like a punch card or something and
your your mind is doing the punching,
>> right?
>> But it's like you're that's not the
substrate, you know, like whatever that
that sort of paper is. And you can you
can maybe you know move the cursor along
different tracks to kind of switch
analogies there. But like you know
[laughter] it's very strange.
>> Yeah, it is. It's fight club.
>> It's fight club. Yeah. [laughter]
Yeah. It's hard to sort of talk about
these things. So, so how specifically,
so okay, so you do this this speech
about the secret space program or
whatever, uh, you know, in Amsterdam and
then how do how do you catch the eye of
because Neil McCassland is like doing
foreign material exploitation at Wright
Patterson, which if you know anything
about Roswell, like the material ends up
in foreign material exploitation at, you
know, Wright Patterson, at least
according to the Philip J. Corso account
and like a lot of UFO lore. So, if there
was ever a guy to like really know what
the quote unquote UFO program is and
holds knowledgewise, it would be this
guy. And he's reaching out to you.
[gasps]
>> Well, let's Yeah, it we reached out. I
mean, I don't know how Tom does what Tom
does, [laughter] okay? But what what did
happen that I that I'm reasonably sure
was was part of this,
Tom asked me to write something that he
could show people,
>> okay,
>> about what we were up to, what we were
trying to do. And that became the very
first opening pages of Secret Machines
Gods.
>> And that's the cargo cult chapter.
>> Yeah.
>> Kind of of a prologue to to this. So
cargo cult was a couple of pages long
and the the idea was take the cargo cult
uh concept and say that's how we started
on this planet. This this is how
civilization began that we as the 21st
century civilization that we are our
origins are as a cargo cult. Now if you
know what a cargo cult is assuming that
you you do. It's um in the South Pacific
islands in the 20th early 20th century
uh planes would land on islands in the
South Pacific uh you know near near um
the Indonesian islands to the far east
and planes would land and there were
basically stone age level tribes living
there and a plane would land and stuff
would come out of the plane all these
goods and services right so you had uh
packages of stuff you had medicines you
had food supplies you had weapons
because this was the beginning of the
war And these these stone age tribes are
looking at this thing and they're
saying, "God damn, we don't know that
this that you could do that, right?" So
they went and they built landing strips,
you know, hoping that these planes would
land and give them stuff. They said,
"That's all you really need to do. You
build a landing strip, you get a like a
conning tower or something and and you
and you you imitate what we're seeing
and maybe planes will land and give us
all this good stuff also." That was the
concept. So our concept in starting this
project was that our entire society is a
cargo cult because everything we're
trying to do to longevity to live
forever and to travel to the stars has
its roots in something extraterrestrial
has its roots in these stories we tell
about the gods who came to visit us
right the gods who came down and gave us
agriculture gave us writing gave us all
these things it's always some
supernatural being. It's never Joe from
next door who taught us how to write,
you know, it's always this creature that
comes down usually from space.
>> What are examples in kind of mythology?
>> Well, the famous one, I guess, is uh in
the Sumerian myths, right? So, here is a
god who lands
in the river, you know, outside of Sumer
and comes up out of a vehicle of some
kind and he's wearing a weird suit with
a strange hat, which we can talk about
later. and he walks up to the people and
he starts teaching them stuff. He
teaches them math. He teaches them
writing. He teaches them agriculture.
And then every night he goes back down
into his craft in the ocean. He never
eats or drinks when he's on land with
these people, right? Doesn't want to eat
or drink.
We don't even know if he's breathing
because he's wearing a hat of some kind.
Goes back down and then eventually flies
away back into space. and he's the
person who gave the Samrians the
knowledge of writing and agriculture and
everything else that Samrians are famous
for supposedly having invented. So
that's their their story. That's their
creation myth, you know, from that point
of view. There's another creation myth
which is much more like the one we have
in Genesis, good angels and bad angels,
basically good gods and bad gods and all
the rest of it. Um, but this one is
their the idea that they got their
knowledge from this creature. And the
hat that he's wearing is depicted on
artwork and it looks like a fish's head,
>> you know, like the head of a fish. Like
maybe it was down this way and he pulled
it up to talk to them and then put it
back down the other way.
>> But that fish's head of course is
identical to the Catholic bishop's
miter.
>> It's exactly the same design,
>> you know. So, we don't know what that
means because that design is bizarre.
>> You know, the Orthodox one is nicer.
It's a crown, a real crown, you know,
with jewels on it and stuff, you know,
which we used to make for the other
bishops when I was in the church. So,
that was like a thing we did as a
business. But the Catholic one was kind
of simple. It was just like, you know, a
folded thing that you could open up and
just stick on your head that way. So do
you think like in your actual model of
reality, do you think that you know at
the advent of kind of the agricultural
revolution where you get writing,
urbanization, history all begins,
mythology begins that there was a an
initial contact event with people from
the stars,
>> right? That's that's our thesis. Yeah.
>> It's our point as we call it. This is
when everything really began
>> because it appears as though we lived on
the planet for a long time not really
caring about any of that stuff,
>> right?
>> We were happy
and then suddenly there's these beings
that come down and say, "No, you got to
write and you got to keep track and you
got to have numbers and you know and and
besides look at the stars. Did you ever
look up? Did you ever wonder like what
all that's about?" So, you know,
suddenly we're like, "Oh, okay." Yeah.
>> And so we're we're doing that. Can you
imagine the Babylonians the the the
impetus behind the Samrians and the
Babylonians, the Acadians,
to stare at the night sky and chart
those stars. It's amazing. And I mean,
all the Graham Hancock, Robert Shock
stuff, like the most interesting part
about all of it is how astronomically
aligned all of this ancient megalithic
architecture is to the stars. Not only
to the stars, but to like the alignment
of the stars in like 10,500 BC, you
know? It's fascinating.
>> It's fascinating because not only they
didn't have telescopes obviously, but
the fact that they would because you
don't have a telescope, you have to sit
there and watch it for hours.
>> You've got to mark the passage of these
things. The planets is one thing, right?
The sun and moon is like the obvious
ones, right? They're easy to see. But
then once you get past that, you're
talking about the other planets. You
have to notice that there is certain
planets that don't stay in the same
place as the other ones do. That's the
beginning.
So, you're starting to keep track of
that and then you're keeping track of
the background stars that don't move,
right? Or they move like in a circular
motion. Um,
the amount of work that requires, the
amount of attention to detail and you
have to be writing at that point.
There's no other way to keep track,
right? You can't memorize it. So, you're
writing all of this down. So, that's
integrated with the idea of writing,
language, and numbers. It's all
integrated with the math of astronomy.
You need both of those things to
understand what's happening, right? To
keep track, to keep a record. That to me
is amazing. Why do that?
>> And it's a quantum leap from being a
hunter gatherer. Absolutely. It's a it's
a you know, just a huge jump.
>> Yeah.
>> Do you So obviously out outside of
generically a lot of myths involving
people from the stars coming down and,
you know, teaching knowledge of the
stars and, you know, ma mapping the
cosmos. Is there a myth that most
comports with your version of what
actually happened?
>> Oh, I think no. I think part of the the
the short answer is no. There isn't one.
But one of the points we make in in
secret machines, we try to make it a
couple of times. I hope I don't bore
anybody with it, is the fact that
everybody has a piece of the story.
Everybody's got a piece of what
happened,
>> you know, and we ignore the other pieces
at our peril.
Everybody has a creation story similar
to this. When I say everybody in general
terms, so in Asia, in South America, in
Australia, all over Europe, um,
everybody has a kind of story about
this. They have a way they're trying to
explain what happened. We need to pay
attention because there's there's data
hidden in those stories.
>> There's definitely data there. We have
to look for that data. We have to listen
to these stories. We have to save them
from being from extinction.
>> Um, everybody on the planet has a piece
of the story. We're all blind men with
the elephant, which is the thing I
always talk about. We always have a
piece of that elephant. You know, no one
has the whole picture. Uh, no one in
this country does, right? No one in
Russia or China or anywhere else does.
We all have pieces of it. We need to
collaborate on that if we're really
going to come to get to the to the root
of this situation.
>> Sounds like the Tower of Babel or
something.
>> It is.
>> Yeah,
>> it is. We're we're split this way and we
keep reinforcing that split and it's uh
it's it's terrible. Uh
because we're we're blinded by as I
mentioned in the very beginning the
ideologies and the fantasies, right?
They get in the way of the data,
>> right? We need to kind of strip a lot of
that out and get back to what what did
your ancestors tell you? You know,
>> perhaps what's most remarkable about
this story though is you have a guy
who's working at Wright Patterson. Yeah.
you know, and then you have another guy
who's like, you know, running like skunk
works, which is the most advanced R&D
division of, you know, Lockheed,
responsible for the SR71 and U2 spy
planes.
>> Yeah.
>> And they get interested in your work
because you're talking about a cargo
cult that gets the humanity and religion
itself being an outgrowth of an early
contact event. And it's almost as if
they have some sort of ontological model
of reality that comes from like a lot of
data around this stuff.
>> That's our impression. We we we got into
a point in 2015, I guess it was
>> that um
Tom is sending me these these long
emails that he's getting, right? And
he's saying, "What the hell do you make
of this?" Right? And um we we get on the
phone and we start talking about this
and I'm saying we're having we're having
an all the president's men moment right
here. I said we're having a a deep
throat moment because people are trying
to tell us something without telling us
something,
>> right?
>> You know, it's like follow the money,
right?
>> They're they're giving us hints of where
we should go on this
>> and we have to pay attention to what
they're not telling us and what they're
telling us. And this came across because
at one point somebody sent us this long
email. One of his most trusted adviserss
said, "Have you thought about have you
really looked how much do you know
>> about Greek mythology?"
>> Like whoa.
>> Who said that?
>> Uh I can't say.
>> Okay.
>> So he came out and said that. It was a
he.
>> He came out and said do that. Right. And
it's specifically talking about
Prometheus.
>> Now that gives the show away,
>> right? If we take the Prometheus story
as
an encrypted story of what actually
happened,
we're getting close. And I think that is
what what it is there. At some point,
somebody did something they weren't
supposed to do.
>> And it might have been it might have
jump started civilization on this
planet, right?
>> It might have been that. But Prometheus
suddenly became the thing. And so Tom is
saying, "What the [__] do we know about
Prometheus, you know?" And so I'm
saying, "Let's let's let's take it easy.
Let's go." You know, Prometheus was this
guy who stole fire from the gods, right,
for the humans. He was giving fire to
the humans. Humans didn't have fire.
They were freezing their asses off.
Prometheus came down and said, "Here's
fire. Get warm, you know, and the gods
didn't like that. So they punished
punish Prometheus, you know, you're
going to get chained to a rock, you
know, you're going to be punished for
the rest of your existence for this for
this thing." So I said, 'Let go back and
look at this. This is what they're
trying to tell. They're trying to tell
us something. And what is Prometheus
about? It's about contact
>> between the humans and the gods.
And the one who made the contact was a
god, not one of the humans.
>> That's right. And it was a god who was
transgressing on behalf of humans. Yes.
>> Against the gods themselves. Sort of a
rebel, right?
>> You know, sleeper cell god.
>> Yeah.
which the the Gnostics believe was the
serpent in the Garden of Eden.
>> That the serpent was God.
>> That the God that we know of from the
Bible was the the impostor, the
interloper, the
>> you know, the guy who was not really
God.
>> So, I got breakfast with Tom Dong once,
who I love, by the way. I think is he's
he's a great guy.
>> He's the best. Yeah.
>> And he actually referenced Gnostic
thought at the time. He was talking
about the archons who were considered
kind of
>> almost uh imprisoners of the kind of
lower material world and like gnostic
ideology and you hear
>> gnostic thought you know run across a
lot of ufology like it seems like Jacqu
Valet is roughly kind of gnostic in his
orientation. So, do you think that we're
living in some sort of lower prison
planet and, you know, our our senses are
all there to sort of mislead us and we
need to somehow escape in some sort of
disembodied way or what's your sort of,
you know, take on that?
>> You're talking about Fight Club again.
>> Um, some of us are in prison, right?
>> Uh, some of us are, some of us have seen
the exit. M
>> there was a famous um author Wilhelm
>> Reich
>> uh you know vtor of the orgon box and
organone therapy and all of that but he
was a very well-known he was
anti-communist and anti-fascist both at
a time when that position was untenable
>> in this country anyway so he he was
against authoritarianism in general and
he wrote a book about that and he has
this image that I've never forgotten
that we're all in this prison. We're all
in this box, but there's an exit sign.
There's a big sign with the shining
letters, exit,
>> but the guy who points to that exit and
says there's the exit gets immediately
beaten by everybody else in the prison.
>> And that image has stayed with me for a
very long time.
>> You know, uh there's an exit sign,
right?
>> There is a way out. We we know what the
ways out. The way out is we we're just,
you know, we're afraid of it. we're um
we're too distracted by everything else.
But the idea of becoming uh free in
oneself is there. It's it's just a
question of wanting to do it badly
enough that you're going to beat down
the people who are trying to stop you
from getting there to get to that exit.
>> Right? So the whole celestial ascent
thing um was an example of that of
people understanding that there was a
way out, but that it involved kind of
reprogramming to use that awful term,
but a reprogramming oneself, you know,
uh to to get rid of a lot of the
extraneous stuff that we're we're we're
reacting to. We're constantly reacting
to things, you know, uh kind of
knee-jerk reactions to things that we
this is good and this is bad. It's a
binary choice, right? And it's not a
binary choice. There's a tertiary
choice. There's a there's a choice
beyond A and B. There's a choice beyond
plus and minus, right? Um I guess the
the the Crowley people say zero equals
to, you know, that's one way of of
formulating this idea. But there's a way
of of getting out of it. Um but it's not
it's it's almost impossible to describe
and people have to get to it themselves,
right? They have to get to it on their
own path. They have to want to do it,
right? and they have to be willing to
to follow uh a path while maintaining a
sense of humor. Once you lose that sense
of humor, you're screwed
>> because then you become a fanatic.
Fanatics famously have no sense of
humor.
>> And what you need is that sense of
humor, which is a sense of what I'm
looking at may be real and it may not
be.
>> Isn't it funny? What if it is real? Ha.
>> What if it isn't equally? Right? It's a
way of negotiating
territory that's very dangerous.
>> Yeah, that's right. I think like a lot
of people get really into
synchronicities and when you put a ton
of weight on the synchronicities, you're
sort of in really bad territory
>> and when you put no weight in
synchronicities, you're also in bad
territory. So, it's like a sila and
kuribus between extreme y
>> randomness, materialist reductionism,
and then on the other side, you're just
drenched in meaning. everything's
meaningful in this sort of, you know,
self-defeating way. So, so you think,
wow, so there's a there's a there's a
way out, but it's impossible to talk
about, but you do talk about it because
you write you wrote a book about it. You
know, Stairway to Heaven.
>> All my books are about it.
>> Yeah. All Okay. Fascinating.
>> They're all chapters of one book.
>> Interesting. Well, that's amazing that
you're saying that. Um, what do you mean
when you say that exactly? You think you
think Secret Machines?
>> Sure.
>> And Sinister Forces. It's all It's all
ultimately about
>> even the Nazi books.
>> Uhhuh.
>> I wrote three books on the Third Reich.
I mean, even there I'm trying to point
to what happened,
>> right? What happened? Why do we have
these reactions that we have about
fascism, right?
>> There's a reason, you know, but we we've
forgotten the reason. We've become kind
of distracted by
>> the Hugo Boss outfits, you know, we get
distracted by things that we don't
really pay attention to. Um, but there's
deeper things at work and if we could
understand that we would be free of that
as well. But we're not going to be until
we get there, until we get to that
point, until we come to terms with it.
So, three books on that is to try to
show people that there was a universal
kind of Nazism, right? And they were
fascinated with occultism. Some of them
were, right? Uh, Himmler most famously.
So, he was he ran an anerba
organization. This to me was fascinating
because I didn't believe it existed. I
wrote my first book on Holy Alliance
from the point of view
that I wanted to write a non-fiction
version of The Morning of the Magicians,
>> right? I loved that book, but it was
>> it was half fantasy.
>> And it was totally unsupported by
documentation.
>> So, I wanted to know if any of that was
really real.
>> And when I was starting to write
Sinister Forces, I said, "Let me go and
check out this Nazi stuff because that
could be relevant." Right? So, I'm
looking at that and uh I get invited
invited myself to the Library of
Congress and to the um to the archives,
the National Archives, and you have to
go through a few hoops to get into the
archives, but I wanted to see the
captured German documents from the war.
They had this a bunch of microfilm. And
I walked in there and I told uh the
archivist, very well-known guy at the
time. I asked him, I said, "I'm looking
for documents about this and about
that." Trying to word it gently so I
didn't sound like a total cook. And the
guy said, "Oh, you mean the the SS onen?
We have them all over here." So I said,
"Cool." Right. So I'm I'm now scrolling
through microfilm
and I'm looking at the Tibet expedition
of 1938, the SS Tibet expedition of
1938. I'm looking at, you know, how do
we do yoga postures in the shape of
runes of Nordic runes, you know, how do
we develop a cabala that's not Jewish,
you know, and on and on. I'm looking at
all this stuff and it's just masses of
documentation. That's wild.
>> A lot of them signed by Hy Hitler, by
Hinrich Himmler, right? And I'm I'm
staring at this and I'm thinking, you
know, how come nobody's writing about
this? All these books on Nazi occultism
and nobody's looking at the real
documents, the the the the original
papers. Didn't they go to Mount Kyash
looking for sort of underground
civilization there
>> among other things? Yeah.
>> But they they went all the way into
Tibet, right? And they're measuring
skulls with calipers, right? I have
photographs of that.
>> So wild. And their their fascination
with Antarctica, right? Came from
Hyperoreia, which was the first root
race. If you look at kind of theosophyki
and stuff, didn't the wasn't uh
theosophy like the swastika kind of came
from theosophy, right? That they took on
the
>> Now you're back in my territory again.
Okay. the um as unholy um unholy
alliance pointed out you know the the
swastika was famously imprinted on
blossky's original books as the symbol
of the arans
>> and the whole idea of the arans being
this the current
spiritually advanced race
>> right uh came from
uh and there was a group of um militia
in 1918 1919 you know the the war ended
in 1918 world War I uh there was the
Russian revolution and then there was a
communist an almost communist takeover
of Germany at the time. There was a lot
of socialism a lot of communism
different parties fighting each other
but the right-wing types were army
veterans right who had fought against uh
Russia during the first world war.
So they formed independent militias fry
as they called them and one of them was
the stall helm and the steel helmet and
on their helmets were emblazen the
swastikas. This was as early as 1918 and
1919. So there was a um
an assassination of members of the Tula
Gazelle shaft
uh on April 30th in 1919. Now the Tula
Gazelle shaft was a German secret
society like we've been talking about.
Uh and they had the swastika as their
symbol right this is long before Hitler
showed up. So the swastika was their
symbol and it was a symbol of the arans
and they got that again from the
theosophical writings and pseudo
Theosophical writings people copying
Golovski and so that was like this was
it this is our symbol the symbol of the
arans we're arans you know um a lot of
them would not have passed the blood
test at the time but they consider
themselves arians so these people were
massacred on April 30th varus knocked in
Germany uh and it led to this outcry
among the right-wing groupers groups.
So, the right-wing groups and the and
the leftwing groups had this fight, this
pitched battle in the streets of Munich.
These were occultists fighting on the
streets of Munich, right? It was
bizarre, as if you had given the Golden
Dawn machine guns
>> and said, "Have at it." You know,
>> it was just so strange. And that that
that fascinated me. I said, "This is
weird." And what do we know about the
Tula Gazelle shaft? Not much, but the
Library of Congress had a lot of
information on it, as it turned out. So,
not just the archives, but the Library
of Congress. So, I had access to that
information. And I'm going, "Oh my god,
this was all going on. This was not made
up, right?" Paul Zerier, who wrote
Morning of the Magicians, they were kind
of winging it a little bit, but it was
based on something kind of real, you
know, and this is nobody was writing the
truth about it. And I thought that was
my job. Now, I've got access to this.
And then I went to South America. That's
another story. But I, you know, this
whole thing was I wanted to put this out
there as there is something. Yes,
Virginia, there is, you know,
>> a Nazi occult thing. There is a a thing
that Himmler was in charge of.
>> Yeah. And the the anti the Antarctica
expedition was very real,
>> right?
>> And uh, you know, there's I mean, the
whole, if you look at like all the the
the SS patches, they're all, you know,
it's like black sun. It's all this sort
of occult symbology. So, I think it's
sort of hidden in plain sight and was
clearly, you know, I mean, the Indiana
Jones narrative of, you know, them
looking for the Ark of the Covenant
maybe isn't isn't so off. I guess the
the the the follow-up question to that
though is like what are the implications
because there's some AAM's razor
explanation that this is just you know
the fascinations of of you know the the
ultimate hubris of this kind of you know
uh Napoleon Alexander the great [snorts]
type the machinations of this sort of
ridiculous you know mind of of of
Hitler. Um, and then there's some other
explanation which is maybe this
conferred some sort of local power that
would then blow up in the faces of of
the Nazis cuz it was this Fouian
bargain. But, you know, they were
drawing from some sort of non-human
intelligence or or or something else.
What do you think? Well,
yeah, all all those points have been
made and I understand them and I
understand the resistance of of academia
to to embrace the story as they have re
reacted to it. Um, but the documents
don't lie. It's just a question. Do you
interpret them the same way? The Ananbbo
was a real organization and it was
called Ancestral Heritage because what
Himmler was trying to do was completely
remove Christianity and Judaism from the
German people
>> and replace it with a Nordic version
which meant a pagan version which in the
context of 1930s Germany meant basically
an occult version.
>> Right?
>> So they replaced the rituals of baptism
for instance with a a Nordic style
christening. They replaced the marriage
rights with a Nordic style marriage
right. They were deliberately trying to
do this. So,
>> and wasn't Hitler writing poetry to the
Nordic gods and as a soldier in World
War I?
>> Yes, he was. He wrote it. They're
reprinted in I think it's Tolen's
biography of Hitler. So, the poems are
there. He was writing to Odin and Thor,
right? So, and Okay. And then this is
where things get very speculative and
weird, but you I mean, one of the
constant sort of tropes in UFO stories,
UFO abduction cases, is the Nordics.
It's always the Nordics, the grays, or
the reptilians.
>> Um, the Nordics seem particularly
interesting, powerful, like these sort
of perfect humans or whatever.
>> Do you think there was any sort of
Nordic Nazi relationship?
Okay. Okay. We have to define our terms.
There's so many terms in that sentence.
I don't know where to start. Um, Nordic,
Nazi, and relationship. Um,
>> not just that goes beyond the Nazi
fascination with Nordic mythology. You
know what I mean?
>> I understand.
>> Yeah.
>> Um,
okay. My short answer is no.
>> Okay.
>> But let me qualify what I'm saying.
>> They were fascinated by it.
>> Um, Himmler was fascinated by this.
>> In fact, they tried to prove there was
an Arian race all over the globe. They
sent archaeologists looking everywhere
for traces of swastikas wherever they
could find them, thinking that was the
the key,
>> right? And that comes from Bllovaskki. I
mean, give me a break. Right? But
>> it got lost in the in the sauce there as
they, you know, went off on this
tangent.
>> So now they're saying, "Okay, this is,
you know, we find the swastika in India.
They must be an Arian relationship
there. We find it in China. It must be
there." You know, I've seen swastikas on
buildings in Malaysia and Indonesia, but
they're Buddhist symbols right there.
So, but they were looking for this. They
were looking for this proof. They they
had the This was not a scientific
process, right? They had the result they
wanted. They're looking for stuff to
confirm it. They didn't look for stuff
that didn't confirm it, only for stuff
that confirmed it. So, here's the
evidence that confirms our story. So,
this is part of the problem there. They
wanted Nordic because they wanted to get
rid of Christianity and Judaism. They
had to get rid of Christianity because
of Judaism, right? And they were against
Judaism for whatever reasons they were
against Judaism for. It was
anti-semitism was popular in Europe, all
over Europe, Eastern Europe. I mean, the
protocols of the elders of Zion came out
of Russia, right? So that started this
whole thing. People believed it was
true. So you know the Jews are having a
secret meeting and they're discussing
the takeover of the world. Um so that
document got published and it's still
being published. It's published. It was
published in South Africa all the time.
Translations were published all over
Asia. Translations published in South
America. Like this is a true thing. This
is a meme now that's become true in the
in the eyes of many people. I was asked
about it at a at a an academic
conference in Indonesia. Right. M
>> so I mean this stuff is there. Uh I was
met a terrorist the leader the guy who
created the Bali bombings in 2002. Uh
and he's telling me you know it's the
protocols of the elders of Zion like
it's real.
>> I'm telling him there's like two Jews in
your entire country, right? You're not
really suffering from Jewish invasion.
But anyway, that was his his
perspective, right? So this has become
this thing. This has become a problem
that we cannot get our way around
because history has made it kind of real
even though it's not real. We know it
was a hoax invented by the secret police
in Russia during the time of thesar even
before the Soviet Union. So this whole
thing becomes this this problem, right?
And the Nordics become the solution to
this problem. We're really arans. We're
really Nordics. We don't belong in this
situation that we're in. you know, we're
in this. We lost the First World War.
It's must be because of the Jews. Can't
be because of us. It can't be because of
we extended ourselves in trying to
invade Russia for crying out loud.
Napoleon could have told you not to do
that, right? So, all of these mistakes
we made are not ours. They're somebody
else's. So,
naturally, they want to make contact
with their source. And they found their
source in a guy called Vice, Carl
Villigut, right? who claimed he had
photographic memory of what it was like
back in the day when there were only
Nordics on the planet.
>> Okay.
>> Whoa.
>> And Himmler put him make gave him an
officer in the SS.
So he's in the SS along with all these
other psychos, right? And he's giving
all this stuff to him. This is what I'm
going into a trance now. I can see it.
This is what happened at this time. This
is what happened at that time.
>> And did he say it was like hyperoreia?
Like
>> Oh, yeah. Really? It was Tula, right?
>> Whoa.
>> Right. This is
>> like Atlantis or Yeah.
>> So, they're buying it.
>> And Himmler,
one or two cards short of a deck, right?
He builds Vevilsburg Castle.
>> Mhm.
>> Right. Which I went to and I did a a TV
thing like 10, 15 years ago, 20 years
ago for that on that. And that's a a
beautiful castle, but was in disrepair
when Himmler took it over. He
refurbished it with concentration camp
labor and he built basically
uh a roundt for his 12 knights to sit
around and have seances, right? And you
know bring down the spirits of the
ancient Tutonic kings.
>> This is so crazy.
>> So they they wanted to do this. The
physical evidence is there. swastikas in
the floor, swastikas in the ceiling, you
know, the niches were going to put the
urns of the deceased SS leaders, you
know,
>> but then and then there's a question of
were they interacting with anything? And
I think in your model reality, you you
would say yes, right? Sure.
>> And then who knows what it is,
>> but it could have been anything.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It could be totally
trickster.
>> It could have been those guys from the
Australian consulate telling us, you
know.
>> Well, simultaneous to that, you have
these neopagan rituals that they all
have to go through. You had Warner von
Braonn going through these rituals. his
mentor Herman Oberth on record saying
that non-human intelligence allowed them
to build rockets to go to space. You
know,
>> that's a secret machines. Yep.
>> There you go. And something else you you
get into with secret machines which is
fascinating is
>> there's always this question of like is
there some bizarre Nazi connection with
Roswell itself and some of the early
contactes you talk about Adam Damsky,
George Hunt Williamson.
>> Sure. Um, is there is there some sort of
connection with some of these early UFO
crashes in Nazi Germany which you know
by all kind of conventional historical
accounts was over by 1945 and Roswell is
two years later in 1947.
Well, is there a connection? I think so.
I think I think we made a pretty good
case for it in secret machines based on
the information that we have. Um, and
that is something that people don't
realize. We think of Operation
Paperclipip as a purely American uh
thing phenomenon, which it was. But the
Russians had their own version of
paperclip. And the Russians brought more
than 3,000 scientists and their families
into Russia, whether by force or, you
know, hook or by crook, but they did.
And they built an entire city um I
believe it's in what is now Barus, if
not Ukraine. I it's in the book also
with a precise location. And they built
this operation there to
renew all the the experimental programs
that have been going on at Pinamunda at
Nordhausen to bring it all back to life
again. And they got as many scientists
and technologist and engineers
technologists as they could. And one of
their
programs and it was revealed when the
after the Soviet Union fell some of this
documentation became available was to to
build a kind of flying saucer and it was
based on the Horton model. Now the
Horton model uh you can find this on the
internet everywhere. The the diagrams
are uh public information now um was a
flying disc but but the the bottom one
one side of it sort of chewed out. So it
was kind of a a C-shaped craft uh the
kind that that Kenneth uh um Arnold saw
you know in 1947. The same design
without him knowing at the time he
wouldn't have known that this was the
design of the Horton craft. So the
Hortons, the two brothers, um, one of
which wound up in Argentina developing
craft for Peron and another wound up
staying in Germany and nobody seemed to
want him for anything um, for whatever
reason. I think he was the test pilot
for a lot of the Horton brothers
uh, devices. So maybe he wasn't
considered a technician or an engineer
or a scientist. But there were enough
Russian scientists they could rebuild it
and see if they could make it fly.
So, with 3,000 scientists in Russia,
with Nazi um presence all around the
world after the war, it's a possibility.
And I'll tell you why. And I was
thinking to bring it with me, and I
guess I didn't think I didn't realize
our conversation would go in this
direction. And it's a good thing I
didn't. It's a big heavy thing. The US
Congress published in June of 1945
before the war in Asia was over.
They published a report on basically
what was the Maison Rouge meeting that
happened in 1944
uh in Straborg. The SS had ordered the
heads of German industry at a meeting.
This was after the D-Day invasion when
the handwriting was on the wall and they
knew they were going to lose this thing
one way or the other. They basically
told the leaders of German industry to
expatriate
as much of their wealth, as much of
their technology of necessary personnel
as possible
overseas to get it out of the hands of
the allies.
Now, in June of 45, we already had this
information and they published it as
part of the congressional record. It's
this thick. It's at least 2 in thick
printed.
And you're going through and you're
looking at all the companies that the
Germans had overseas.
all of the industries they were involved
in that they owned at that time,
including a lot of real estate in South
America, literal real estate, ranches,
you know, asiendas, all sorts of places
that they had bought in the in the years
leading up to the end of the war. And
then in addition to that, we find when
the Clinton administration ordered an
investigation as to Nazi gold and what
happened to the Nazi gold that was that
was missing, they found just within a
few months because they didn't have a
lot of financing to continue this for a
long time. That committee only lasted a
short while. They found 40 tons of gold.
40 tons of gold that had been shipped
out of the Bank of Lisbon by submarine.
20 tons went to Macau. Well, they all
went to Macau. 20 tons went into China
and 20 tons went into Indonesia. That 20
tons of gold probably jumpst started
what Sukarno used to call the
revolutionary fund which was going to be
an anti-IMF, anti-world bank
>> that he had planned for that Halmar
shocked Hitler's former finance minister
had asked Sukarno to do.
>> Whoa.
>> Okay. He had met Sucarno. He had been
denosified, shocked, and had wound up in
Indonesia visiting Sukarno saying you
have to build an Islamic crescent to
defend against Chinese communism, right?
And the best way to do that is start up
your own fund, you know, get all these
other countries that are non-aligned
with either China, Russia, or the United
States and have it have it based here in
Jakarta. Wow.
So the is the implication that Roswell
was Horton brothers technology that
might have gotten into Soviet hands.
>> Could be Soviet hands. It could have
been somebody else's hands because the
Nazis had assets everywhere.
>> Now they didn't have assets to the kind
you would think would develop, you know,
what we think was the prototypical
flying saucer. The amount of I don't The
problem is we don't know what a what a
real flying saucer is, right? Yeah,
>> all the reports that we have say there's
no instrumentation, there's nothing in
there. It's really tricky because you s
you do have real documented evidence
that Hans Comler was running this thing
called SCOD works in from 1942 to 45
>> uh in you know uh uh breastlaw and pills
in you know modern Czechoslovakia in
Poland
>> and they were building what seemed to be
saucers like Rudolph Shriber who was a
technician there said that one climbed
to 40,000 ft in a few seconds you know
Richard Meita had all these plans for
saucers. You had Victor Shaberger very
famously this naturalist who claimed he
had zero point energy machines and you
know they were sort of saucer shaped. I
think it was called an impeller because
it was like the centripal not
centrifugal force. So it wasn't outward
moving it was inward moving and it would
it would cause sort of thrust as a
result.
>> And so you had all this evidence that
they were working on things like that.
You also have a book by this guy British
journalist named Tom Aguguston about
this sort of great game dividing up of
Skoda works of Kler uh between the
Soviets and the US. So we know that this
was like of vital strategic importance.
We also I think now know due to air
force documents that himself who is this
ruthless Nazi I think Albert Spear who
was head of Nazi armament said you know
he was uh the most ruthless man I was
ever forced to collaborate with. And
you're talking about a guy who worked
with like, you know, Himmler and Gerbles
and Hitler and, you know,
>> it's like he's God has to be I think he
had a high bar.
>> It is a high bar. I think Commer had a
plan to assassinate uh Hitler in in the
in the final days of the Third Reich. So
crazy guy. Um so we know that there were
real plans to build like this flying
saucer. We don't know how far they got.
And then Annie Jacobson writes about in
her book Area 51 that there was this
attempted, you know, they they really
wanted to find the Horton brothers
because they were building these sort of
>> soft prototypes. Yeah.
>> But then you also have people at Roswell
and they're like a weird being with
three or four fingers and toes came out
of the craft and was definitely not
human. And so
>> those two things just don't line up or
comport at all.
>> Obviously, there's disinformation
somewhere.
>> Somewhere. Yeah.
>> And so your but your bet would be the
disinfo would be on the kind of NHI
alien front and that this might be
prosaic human technology.
>> I think yeah I think it's a possibility
that what crashed in Roswell was was
human technology. Proaic I'm not sure.
>> Yeah. Sure. Exotic human technology.
>> Exotic human maybe.
>> But remember when you're talking about
Roswell and you're talking about Wright
Patterson you're talking about all the
Nazi scientists. Uh Walter Dornberger
>> from Pinamunda his first posting was to
Wright Patterson. He was in Wright
Patterson when the Roswell debris was
brought was brought in by train.
>> So wild.
>> So he was there
>> and so okay
>> who else would you have wanted to look
at that
>> and he was head of I think a A4 V2
program in in
>> Nazi Germany. Yeah.
>> He ran into he was uh the boss of uh
>> what's his name?
>> Warner von Brown.
>> Wavon Brown.
>> Yeah. Okay. Wow. So he was at Oberamar
and yeah
>> it's interesting you know and and I
think you you do have also the Avro car
project which was an attempted to build
a flying saucer
>> and it originally was in Canada but then
it moved over to right pad as project Y
and there was always this feeling that
project Y was a front for something
deeper but it was there were there are
videos of them trying to like fly this
flying saucer just had a you know radial
gas turbine engine so it kind of like
>> when I was a kid yeah
>> when I was a kid in the in the 19 late
1950s, you could buy a plastic model of
the Avro.
>> That's wild. That's so wild.
>> I had it when I was a kid.
>> It's crazy to see. I mean, there
>> it looks like a flying saucer.
>> There's like, you know, um there it
really does. There's wind turbine photos
of it being tested and it looks like
you're like I I'm in Star Wars right
now. Like this. It's remarkable. And
then we we do I think have documented
evidence that Richard Mita who was from
SCOD works and commar
project that was going on in Canada
which was British aircraft and John
Frost and in partnership with the
American CIA. So you have one piece of
the puzzle there. Um you have Henry
Henry Kanda who was famous for the Kanda
effect.
>> Oh right.
>> He had basically the first patent on a
flying saucer in 1936. Um he was a
Romanian but he was living in Vichy
France and he was overtaken by you know
Nazis obviously
>> and he was consulting on project Y at
Wright Patterson as well. So we know
that um you have uh another guy named
Eric Henry Wang who was um head of
special projects at Wright Patterson. He
went to school with Victor Shaburgger
and then he moved over to Kirtland Air
Force Base right after that. So you have
all these Nazis who are working at right
Pat um
>> which is phenomenal because
>> everybody that actually worked for us
during the war lost their security
clearances right so Oenheimer loses his
security clearance Jack Parsons loses
his right
>> um all of his the entourage around the
suicide squad right all the people who
founded basically JPL
>> wound up losing their security
clearances they couldn't work anymore
and we moved the Nazis in our enemies
right and we put them in charge the
whole thing was just to me mindboggling
that that would happen that way, you
know, but it just did, right?
>> So mindboggling
>> and it doesn't make a lot of sense, but
in the political environment of the time
it kind of does, you know, all things
being equal in context, but when you
look at it now, you're thinking some why
did we bring in that many? Yeah.
>> And then we realized the Russians
brought in three times that many,
>> right?
>> So wild. So
>> and they were in contact.
>> The American groups and the Russian
groups were in contact. They found that
out later. Wow.
>> Because the the the Russian scientists
they had in New Mexico,
>> right, were going into the village into
the local towns and they were sending
mail
>> back to Germany which would then get
sent over by Courier to the Russian
scientists in the Soviet Union.
>> So there was contact being made.
>> Of course, that was shut down once it
was found out, but it was going on for a
while. Nobody knows what was being
discussed.
>> Was it contact between the former Nazi
factions of both? Wow, that's pretty
fascinating. Yeah, I think there's some
story of Warner von Braun, you know, um,
giving off trade secrets at the border
in Mexico or whatever. So,
>> there is maybe it's this like rogue Nazi
network post World War II that was like
still vital for a little bit.
>> If there was a rogue Nazi network post
World War II in the United States, how
much more likely it was that it was in
other countries where they didn't care?
>> Yeah, totally. Yeah, even more likely.
>> So, more likely. So, there is a
likelihood, statistical likeliness.
That's not a you know statistics can be
bent either way but statistically there
was so many Nazi assets around the world
money that we couldn't trace.
>> Yeah.
>> Assets we couldn't trace technology I
mean that famous submarine that they
stopped that had the measurement you
know in pieces in it and all the uranium
you know and the engineers that was
going to Japan that supposedly Oenheimer
visited at a crucial time because he
couldn't figure out how to make the
freaking bomb work.
>> Wow.
>> Right. Yeah. And it's it's even Warner
von Braun and you know like the look at
the early you know NASA Apollo program
um and NASA Saturn program it was
literally a transplantation of the Nazi
program space program it was it was word
von Braun Arthur Rudolph and 129 Nazi
scientists and that was it and so it's
just like you are really dependent on
their knowledge somehow
>> and what was the overall context right
if you look at it you're looking at a
geopolitical sense
>> to the United States government at the
time.
>> We preferred to have the Nazis so we
could fight the communists.
>> It was again a binary situation. So we
buried records of these guys. We
denazified them ourselves. They should
never have been many of them. They were
Nazis to their death, right? They did
not suddenly become Americans because
they were living in, you know,
Arkansas or someplace, right? Or
Alabama. So they they suddenly did not
suddenly become
our defenders or our allies. They were
just there being paid and saved from
going to the Soviet Union. So the amount
of trust we placed in these people, they
didn't deserve what we did, right? They
didn't deserve the trust from my
perspective. We had fought against them.
They were developing bombs. They reigned
on London during the blitz. These were
people who killed without thinking. Uh
that was their job, right? To give them
the credit that way. They were working
for that regime. But now we bring them
over, we find out that
philosophically they're Nazis,
>> right?
>> Because the the communists are the
bigger threat. Which is why in my other
books I talk about since we're talking
about the range of it, um I talk about
the Catholic Church, you know, and the
fact that they saw it the same way. The
communists were the worst enemy. We can
work with the Nazis,
>> right? Even though the Nazis also want
to do away with us,
>> but at least they're not communists.
They're not godless,
>> you know? I mean, Odin is a god, right?
>> So, the idea being let's let's work with
the Nazis. Let's hide them. Let's get
them let's let's give them false
paperwork. Get them out to, you know,
Bolivia and Argentina and places like
that.
Is there something about like, you know,
the kind of Norse mythology, other pagan
mythology that involves kind of the
quote unquote old gods or little G gods?
And, you know, you think about like
ritual sacrifice or scapegoating cycles
somehow satiating those gods and then
Christianity being sort of inherently
apocalyptic because it stops those
cycles
>> because it takes the side of the of the
scapegoat, right? And uh you know I'm
not necessarily biased towards any
ideology here. I'm I'm I'm Jewish. But
like is there is there something somehow
like very dangerous about the like the
stopping of the scapegoating cycles
to the point where if there are sinister
forces going on above our heads. They're
gonna like move the like fascist rogue
elements around no matter
>> who's in power in order to keep the the
cycle going. Like if we are in some sort
of prison planet or something, that's
how you'd like keep the thing the
machine running.
>> Yeah, maybe. Um I it's it's it's
possible we could look at it from that
point of view. We don't have a lot of
evidence to to to to
enlarge it, but we do have the idea that
if you have a Catholic church
that's willing to make that choice
to cut a deal with the people who really
wanted to destroy them in the first
place. Um because
communism is the bigger threat. Why
would communism be the bigger threat?
Because communism is fundamentally
anti-religious, right? Religion is the
opiate of the people famously mis
quotation basically, but that's what it
means. Religion is what people need as
an opiate because they're living under
very harsh conditions. So the idea was
improve the conditions of the people,
they won't need religion anymore. M
>> that's kind of a
I wouldn't not a very realistic point of
view. I think religion is of one kind or
another. Spirituality anyway is here to
stay. It's part of our innate back and
makeup. The run the race to religion as
a as a way of finding a sucker or or or
assistance in a time of emotional
stress. You know, that's something that
people do. And what Markx was talking
about saying getting rid of that because
you know it's not it's not very useful
just concentrate on things that you can
fix here in the here and now. I
understand the the impetus of it knowing
how badly the church treated people for
centuries. You know the Orthodox
churches included and the and the the
Catholic churches and all the churches
they treated they had groups that they
persecuted Jews in particular but a lot
of other people too other religions
heretics witches everybody else. So it
was a machine to give emotional support
and moral support towards you know
eradicating your enemies
>> in a moral level. It wasn't a practical
thing but it was a moral thing that said
people well we have to get rid of these
people they're evil.
>> So
the church has that in its background
which is the fascist point of view also
right? Get rid of these people who are
standing in our way. You know the Nazi
ideal was get rid of all of these people
because they're in our way. Okay.
They're they're holding they're holding
back the race.
Um,
so do I think that
it's a question of the sacrificed, the
sacrificial king as opposed to the kings
who do the sacrifice.
In that in the scenario I just gave you,
it's difficult to make that that case, I
think,
>> because the church represents the
sacrificed king. M
>> but they were more than willing to work
with the Nazis against the communists
instead of the other way around.
>> Mhm.
>> Um
so I don't know. I I it's it's a it's a
thorny question because it requires a
lot more thinking and a lot more
>> a lot more context I think for what was
going on. But in the United States, if
we just port it back over here,
>> um it was considered to be, you know,
weak-minded, to be both anti-communist
and anti-Nazi. M uh there was a very
strong Republican candidate. I write
about it in I'm not sure which book
anymore. Uh Secret Machines um God um no
Secret Machines War. I think I wrote
about it also in one of the Nazi books I
think in um in the Hitler legacy. There
was a an American political, a
Republican, very sort of a right-wing
kind of guy, very conservative, but he
got really angry when he found out that
the Argentines were protecting Nazi war
criminals. And he wanted to cut off any
aid resistance to to Argentina. And
another Republican said, "You're crazy.
We can't do that. You know, leave them
alone. Let the let them let them live
there. Who cares, right? We're we're
against anti-communists. Let's not muddy
the waters." And the guy says, "I can do
both." Right? I can be anti-communist
and anti-Nazi. I can do both things. we
can do both things as a country. And
they said, "No, you can't. It's going to
be one or the other. We have all these
Nazis working for us, you know, um with
with the the space program, so we really
don't want to piss off the Nazis that
much, you know,
>> and we covered up war criminals that we
knew existed in South America and stuff,
>> whereas we would go after the communists
very aggressively."
>> I'm not trying to say what's right or
what's wrong. I'm trying to say what
motivates it.
>> What is the rationale behind this? Why
is that okay? Right? Why are we okay
with it? Are we okay with it or is this
part of the problem? Is this part of the
prison mentality that we have
>> that we have to pick a side?
>> It's like the prison gangs, right?
>> You got to be on this gang side or that
gang side, right? Who who are you going
to be protected by? Which side? And I
think that's the problem. We're looking
at it that way.
>> Can I ask you some basic qu because
you've probably spoken to as highlevel
people in government who deal with the
UFO issue
visa v any other civilian that I've ever
met maybe. And so can I ask you a few
questions about just what you think
about the UFO legacy program? H like
like the qu the questions would be is
like what is the program like like like
is there a material do they have
material from UFOs that are not of human
origin? Um would be one question. Do you
think there are saucers and hangers,
little bits and pieces of things, or do
you think the saucers and hangers are
tech protection for some sort of lineage
of exotic science that comes from the
Nazis? Or what do you think?
See, what I've been told and what I
think could be two different things.
>> What do you think?
>> Um,
I would love to believe that we have a
crash saucer.
If we have a crash saucer from the 40s
>> until now
doesn't seem that likely. It would we
would have done something with it. Don't
tell me in all this time we can't figure
out how that thing works.
>> But but you hear all the analogies of
you know iPhone with Da Vinci or
whatever where it's like Da Vinci is a
genius but he wouldn't know what the
hell. you would want to know information
theory and bits and you know what the
chip was inside of it and
>> yeah of course
>> he'd be able to like press some buttons
and stuff but like it would be the
progress would be very limited
>> but if I gave Da Vinci
50 years he would have gotten close he
would have discovered something about
electricity he would have discovered
something about miniaturaturization
I mean he might have gotten he wouldn't
have figured out what an iPhone was
unless it started beeping at him and the
voice came out of it.
>> Well, what if that's where we're at on
UFOs?
>> Well, we've had the UFOs for 50 years.
>> I know, but that that's what I'm saying.
What if we do know some things about it,
but we don't know how to,
>> you know, fly them perfectly or so. I
don't know. I'm
>> the the part that that's that's my
problem.
>> Yeah.
>> Is that we can't be the only ones.
Russia's got to have crashed vehicles.
China's got China has a crashed vehicle.
Do you so so so this is a point to say
that you don't think we are in
possession of saucers and hangers from
the 40s?
>> I would say if we are in possession of
it and they're in possession of it too
then there is
um an agreement between countries that
says we're not going to talk about this.
It's the fight club.
>> But you think that is
>> we're not going to do it and is going to
keep it under the vest and but you can't
have an agreement like that because
somebody's going to break it. So, you
think that's the less likely scenario?
>> I think it's the less likely. I know.
Okay. If there are crash saucers, there
got to be a lot of them.
>> Yep.
>> Has to be more than one.
>> Yeah, of course.
>> Okay. And I've heard a lot of rumors
when I did business in China, which I
did for years.
>> Yeah.
>> With the Chinese government that there
was something that crashed
>> in Chinese territory. I think the
Russians got it though.
>> Um the
>> What is that thing that crashed in
Chinese territory?
>> It's to them the the scuttlebutt was
this is one of your flying saucers, they
would say. But but like of the of the
Soviets or the Russians or
>> Horton, who knows?
>> Okay.
>> But it was something that was kept under
wraps. If a Horton crashed, who would
care?
>> Yeah,
>> it was a Horton. It was never going to
fly. It crashed. End of story,
>> right?
>> So So there's a logical problem in the
in the like it's it's convenient for us
to sit here and say the US government,
the US government is only one government
on the planet and they only have so much
territory, right? The Chinese have a big
chunk and the Russians have it and all
the other countries that have crashed
equipment, possible crashed equipment.
All the countries that have sightings,
which is almost every country.
>> You implied earlier that what you think
and what you've been told might be two
different things. So, you've been told
that we do have crashed actual genuine
UFO maybe extraterrestrial craft in our
possession. I was told
by way of omission
when it comes to the subject of do we
have materials in our possession. Okay.
There's been a wishy-washy response to
that.
>> Oh, we have materials. Okay.
And are they extraterrestrial? Are they
well they we can't really identify where
they came from will be an answer like
that.
>> Unknown origin.
>> Yeah. It will go into like that
territory and finally when you just flat
out ask them, you know.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
>> The response is something like,
you know, we really can't discuss that.
Well, if you don't have it, why can't
you discuss it? Why can't you just say
no? Lie to me.
>> Sure.
>> We're used to that.
>> Yeah.
>> I mean, I'm comfortable with you lying
to me. You've been lying to us for
years. Lie to me again and say, "No, we
don't have a saucer."
>> Don't leave it open-ended. Don't leave
it like maybe, you know, we have a
flying saucer. What does that mean?
Why would you say that? Is that part of
a disinformation project that's been
underway since 1947? You guys haven't
gotten over that yet. You know, we've
gotten over it, right? We're we're done
with it, right? We're okay. You can tell
us anything at this point. But they keep
And then there's guys that come out and
say, "No, there's definitely a saucer."
And there's people in government who
come out and say, "There's definitely a
saucer. We saw it." Right? There's
people in the program. They were coming
out and saying, "No, there is definitely
there. There's Okay. At one point I was
talking to um a guy called, you've
probably heard of him, Michael Aquino."
>> Oh, yeah.
>> Infamous guy, right?
>> Isn't he like a Satanist or something?
>> Yeah. Temple of Set. He found it. He was
with Lee's Satanic Church of Satan.
>> Uh he had the weird eyebrows.
>> Um all the rest of it. He was implicated
in all sorts of things. I had written
about him in um on Holy Alliance because
he conducted a ceremony at Vavsburg
Castle, you know, the the Nazi SS
Castle, some sort of satanic ceremony. I
was like, "All right." He contacted me
at one point and said, "Listen, let's
hang out, right?"
>> Oh, jeez.
>> And I'm like, "Yeah, what could possibly
go wrong?"
>> Jesus.
>> So, he says, "Come on out."
>> I want to run for the hills, man. That
guy's creepy.
>> He's Yeah, very creepy. But I I wanted
to know. I'm the kind of guy I need to
know, right? So that's why I went to
Chile in 79. I have to come face to
face. I have to know.
>> I mean, I got to talk to terrorists and
Nazis and stuff. I have to see how they
react, how they talk. That tells you a
lot.
>> I understand that instinct as well.
>> You got to, right? Well, you do it all
the time.
>> Yeah. Yeah. For sure. Yeah.
>> So, he says, "We're going to go to
Vegas. Las Vegas is having a meeting of
the Association of Former Intelligence
Officers,
>> of which he's a member, right? Being a
former intelligence officer."
>> So, I said, "I'll get you in. Come on.
We'll hang out. It'll be fun, right?
All right. So, I go to this thing and it
it was weird. It was wild. Everybody in
that room except me, I guess, was a
former intelligence officer for somebody
for FBI, CIA, NSA, DEA, didn't matter,
right?
>> They're all there. They're all hanging
out. They're having a, you know, wild
old time. And they love Aquino. They all
want their picture taken with this guy.
>> What?
>> And that to me was like stunning. I'm
saying, you know, the bad press, right,
about this guy. Didn't matter. These
guys loved him because they saw him as
an intelligence agent, right? They
didn't see him the way I on the outside
had seen him. They saw him as one of
theirs.
>> What was your sense of
>> John Alexander was there, you know?
>> Yeah.
>> I met John Alexander at that time. Okay.
I mean,
>> for the audience, John Alexander is a
longtime UFO kind of historian, but also
seems to be pretty deep on in the
government on this topic in a way that,
you know, maybe he's more involved than
meets the eye or something
>> and sometimes skeptic and sometimes not.
Kind of hard to
>> That's the way these guys always Yeah.
do it. [laughter]
>> So, he was there. He had his picture
taken with with with Aquino.
>> Oh god.
>> So, all these guys are like, "Yeah." And
Aquino did get his his commission.
Everything else was reinstated when they
said that the the accusations against
him could not have happened because of a
number of things.
>> What were the accusations?
>> Uh child abuse.
>> Jesus.
>> Yeah. But uh it turns out he wasn't in
town when this stuff happened. I mean
literally wasn't because he was on some
military mission some. Is your sense
that he's an evil satanic guy who was he
capable of things like that or did you
sense some goodness and you know people
just somehow misunderstand him or what
was your what was your sense?
He was a
he was intelle he was an intellectual
guy. Very very intelligent guy. Um
charming when he wanted to be charming.
Um extremely cynical.
>> I mean didn't believe anything. I mean
here's a guy involved in two quote
unquote churches, right? Or temples. The
church of Satan and the temple of Set.
But he didn't believe in paranormal
anything. He didn't believe in UFOs,
right? This guy was a realist, 100%
realist in what he did. He believed in
the philosophies behind a lot of these
things. Um, and he was very ariodite on
that basis.
Evil, that's hard to say. He didn't give
me, you know, Islamic terrorist vibes
that I had in Indonesia from the guy who
was bombed the, you know, bombed Bali
and killed 200 people.
>> But what is he trying to do? Like if
you're you're running the you know this
church of said and you're satan
self-professed satanist and then you are
you know in intelligence circles like
what's your what's your mo like what's
your mandate in life
>> he understood his his famous thing and
it was similar to John Alexander's was
non-lethal warfare
>> which sounds kind of nice
>> when you just look look at the words
it's non-lethal so we're all still alive
right
>> sure
>> but how do you conduct warfare then
under those circum circumstances. He was
a psychological warfare operations
officer in Vietnam, right?
>> The Phoenix program. He was involved in
the Phoenix program. So, this was
something where you change the minds,
the hearts and minds of people as
General West Morland famously said,
right? When you got them by the balls,
their hearts and minds will follow. And
that was their kind of modus operandi.
Stay on top of them. Feed them all sorts
of weird [__] They believe in this.
Make ghosts. They believe in vampires.
Create vampires, right? Scare the [__]
out of the villagers and they'll come to
you. Right? That was the Phoenix
program. They did all kinds of things.
They killed a lot of tax advisers and
tax collectors as well for the Vietkong.
But they also did a lot of weird
psychological warfare operations. That
was their thing. Now, pump that up right
to a national level. You know, how would
you use non-lethal warfare on your own
citizens? How would you do that? Right.
>> How?
>> Well, there's all different ways of
doing it. The UFO phenomenon could be
one.
>> Do you think it's used in that capacity?
>> Oh, it has been. We know that Richard
Dodie did it.
>> Well, yeah. So, he was obviously kind of
scoping and messing with Paul Benowitz.
Do you think on a larger scale than
that?
>> He messed with with everybody in the UFO
community.
>> Yeah, fair enough.
>> He was he was a big problem.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
>> And they're still talking to him. I
don't get it why, but
>> I know he still goes on Gaia and talks
about six different races of aliens and
people are like, "Wow, an insider is
telling us. You don't know the history."
But um but do do you think I mean
there's there's it seems like there's
something deeper and more nefarious
about the way you're describing Aino and
what he's doing and Dodie who's like
>> obviously doing really bad stuff but
like messing with an individual in a way
to like throw him off from like looking
at Kirtland Air Force Base at like
possibly like human tech.
>> But it got him killed, right?
>> No. Benowitz actually just obviously
totally messed up and unacceptable, but
he had a psychiatric break and was in
the hospital and didn't die from that.
>> No, but the pressure from Dodie feeding
him false information. Somebody is
already in that state.
>> To me, that's that's culpability. I you
know, I think in a court of law, he
>> I think he should be held responsible
for for doing horrible things to Bowett
and Yeah, I've covered it and I think
it's it's horrible, but I it still feels
like of a different variety from the
The Aino thing feels like some weird
even, you know, you said psychological
warfare. Like, do you think there's a
psychic component, like a psychic
warfare component to any of that stuff?
>> I think we're we're desperately trying
to find it. I think if we haven't found
it already, I think our intelligence
communities or at least the scientific
divisions of them are looking for to see
how they could do that. They did that
during MK Ultra. They did it, you know,
during Bluebird,
>> during Artichoke, uh, Operation of Oten.
They were looking at occult systems. How
can we manipulate occultism? I mean, is
there anything to that that we can use?
>> Yeah.
>> You know, so obviously it was on it was
on the the books as early as the 1950s
and 1960s.
>> So,
>> and how would UFOs be used in that
context?
>> Think of it this way. Think of how
Aquino used
psychological warfare in Vietnam.
The Vietnamese believed in in certain
villages and stuff. They believed in
vampires. They believed in in ghosts.
They believed in hungry ghosts. That
sort of thing. There were a lot of
strange beliefs depending upon where you
you came from. And they exploited that.
They made them appear.
Um in one of my books, I even talked
about it in detail in one of my novels
in uh the Lovecraft Code. There's a
series of three books that are just
they're fictional, but not really. So,
in one of them, I talk about that type
of operation, how it would look, right?
What's the difference between that and a
UFO sighting,
go to some small town,
>> right? Shine some lights in the sky and
then have somebody appear and say
something in English,
>> right? And then disappear again,
freaking out, you know, a family of five
on a picnic or something.
>> Do you think UFOs can be staged?
>> We've tried it.
>> Wow.
>> Right. CIA even had this idea in their
head. They were going to have um Jesus
appear as a vision over Havana to
convince the Cubans to overthrow Castro.
That was on the books. They were going
to use holograms or something to make
this thing appear. We know how to do
that.
>> Wow.
>> Right. So, and that was then. That was
that was back in the 70s, right? So, we
know how to do this kind of stuff. We
could make things appear and disappear
with stage craft, right? M
>> I mean Aquino was practicing stuff like
that. I mean the other Phoenix program
guys were doing this this kind of thing.
So the idea is we create you know an
image just brief we don't need it to sit
there for a long time. It just briefly
appears in front of you. Are they
practicing magic with a C or magic with
a K. So like some sort of a cult you
know attempt to create like an egregor
or like a kind of consensus thought form
that appears as a UFO or is it like pure
technology. We're going to beam a thing
in the sky.
>> No, I mean they're going to they're
going to beam a thing in the sky, pure
technology, but with an with the occult
context for it, right?
>> So, they're going to do it this way. You
know, I don't know what they've studied
since since that time. I don't know if
they've gotten far enough to say, I can
make this thing happen scientifically,
but it's going to have psychological
implications and it's going to have
maybe a spiritual implication as well.
Yeah. Maybe this person will see a
vision. Maybe they'll go off and found a
cult. We don't know, right? Maybe
they've gotten that far to realize that
they can create the scientific apparatus
to induce a spiritual breakdown or
breakthrough. All of this sounds
somewhat dark and manufactured in your
underlying kind of ontological
>> belief or whatever. Do do you think that
there are genuine non-human
intelligences and and you know, possibly
extraterrestrials visiting Earth?
>> You know, it it's Are there not human
intelligences? Yes.
>> Yeah.
>> Bluntly. Okay.
>> Yeah. What levitated your table decades
ago?
>> Yeah. And maybe go to the Australian
consulate like an [__]
>> So, yes. You know,
>> did did the Aboriginal uprising ever
happen or No. Okay. Okay.
>> Not in all this time.
>> Okay.
>> Still waiting for it.
>> Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Well, let's hope
>> the timing is a little off.
>> Yeah. So, no, something something is
non-human or preterhuman or ultrahuman.
I don't know. We have these words for it
and that's where we get lost when we
start doing that. Something that's not
us is doing this. Okay. So, yes, that
exists.
>> So, so you said non-human intelligence
definitely exists,
>> right?
>> And then, you know, extraterrestrials or
>> beings that can be embodied and
corporeal
>> and that's what I wanted to go.
>> That's what I that's the the the thing I
was going to get to. I guess probably
you have it on your list. I think we've
talked about it briefly was the uh the
Men in Black episode that I had.
>> Yeah.
>> Which seems to point to that because I
have no other explanation for it.
Nothing makes sense in this
>> in this context. So that's some of your
listeners I think have probably viewers
have seen heard this before, but
>> I'll make it brief. Um
>> don't make it brief.
>> Tell the whole story.
>> It was in it was in um Rhode Island. Uh
I lived there in
this would have been 1990 when this was
happening right around the time of the
first Gulf War which is how I I remember
it. I I put it in that context because
for a minute I I wondered if there was a
connection and I had been shopping in
the car and I drove my car back to my
house. Ashaway road at that time was you
know houses here and there. It wasn't a
a big city. It wasn't even a a village.
It was just, you know, I had a house and
then next to me a little while over
there was a house. There's a house over
there. So, it's not a very busy place, a
country road basically. Um, and so I'm
unloading packages from the car. And I
look up and I notice there's an old
model black Cadillac
uh idling right in front of the house.
And the driver appears to be holding a
camera facing me with a wide angle lens
on it. Uh, and I'm staring at this and
that's happened to me once before in my
life. That was during Vietnam era. Uh,
when I was
19, 20 years old is I guess I signed a
petition or something and somebody was
taking my picture, co-intelpro or
whatever the hell it was at the time.
But so I know what that looks like,
right? That camera facing at me. And so
there it was again. And um, I looked at
this thing and I thought, the hell is
that? So, I put down my groceries and I
start walking over to the car to see
like what the hell is this, right? And
the car just takes off. Um, I tried to
get the license plate number. It was too
fast for me to get a license plate
number, but the license plate looked
like the Rhode Island license plate,
which was white, a white background with
black lettering, but that's also the
federal license plate, right? So, I
didn't know which it was. So, I said,
I'm going to follow them. I go back to
my car. I'm going to pull out and follow
the car. I just want to know what that
is. I'm a little weirded out by this.
And before I can do that, another car
comes up, pulls into the driveway, and
blocks me. And it's an old model again,
a station wagon, the kind with the wood
trim, you know, the oldfashioned wood
trim cat, oldfashioned station wagons.
So, we're talking like a 1960s aeros
station wagon,
and
two women come out of the car, one from
the driver's side, one from the
passenger side, looking like I always in
my head it's always like Manson family
members, you know, they're sort of very
sweet, sort of very pale, you know,
face, kind of light hair, wearing old
like cloth coats, you know, looking like
old-fashioned people, like they might
have been from a cult somewhere.
you know, and they came out very sweetly
and looked at me as I'm desperate to get
out of my driveway, saying, "Can you
tell us where the Devilis family lives?"
De Vilbus.
And I I said, "I know. I'm sorry. I I
don't know." Okay, thank you. And they
got into their car and pulled out and
drove away.
And like an idiot, I didn't realize this
is part of the team, right? They're
keeping me from following the other car.
I just want to follow the first car. And
so I'm like flumx. I don't know what the
hell that was all about. So I sort of
give up and I say, "All right." Except
she asked me about the Devilis family.
And that rang a bell. So I started
looking in phone books and everything
else. We didn't have internet, ladies
and gentlemen, at the time. So I'm
looking to find out where the Devilis
family is. There is no devil in Rhode
Island, but there was a devil that was
referred to me by a guy that I used to
work with in Rhode Island or yes in
Rhode Island
who had previously worked at Huntsville,
right? So he worked for NASA. He had met
Verer von Brown personally, but he was
just some guy. He was an engineer. Now
he was, you know, uh, in his 60s, I
suppose, at the time that I know him at
the time. And he had recommended me, you
should look at this company called
Devilis. They're in Ohio and they make
machines that you can sell this these
this equipment that I was involved with.
You could sell them to them maybe. You
know, he told me that like months and
months earlier.
So I looked them up and there's Devil
and it's there. Yeah, that's the same
name, the same company and everything
else. Had nothings to do with Rhode
Island or these two chicks in the in the
station wagon. I could not put this
together, right? Except they plucked
maybe the name to Vilbus out of my head
and plucked the one that was connected
to Huntsville and Verer von Braun,
right? I don't know. I was like, "What
the hell was this about?" Right? It was
just a mysterious Men in Black episode
because they were driving late, I mean,
early model cars, you know? Uh it was an
old model Cadillac black as usual,
right, for a Men in Black thing. And
then these women in this old model, you
know, station wagon with the with the
cloth coats and the who gets out of
their car to ask directions?
>> Yeah. Well, I mean, another option other
than Men in Black is like NHI. Like you
have like, you know, the kind of wispy
thin hair and the pale skin that that is
kind of a, you know, something you hear
as far as descriptions of alien
interactions, quote unquote alien,
whatever these beings are. So maybe it
was like a genuine anomalous.
>> Well, it was anomalous to the point
where I met one of them again.
>> Okay.
>> And that was in Singapore.
>> What?
>> On the other side of the world.
>> So
>> same.
>> Well, this is what happens. I'm in the
airport, Jangi airport. Very famous.
>> I'm in the airport. Uh I'm I was on a
business trip. I think I was probably
going back to Koala Lumpur. So I was,
you know, going to catch another flight.
I'm dragging my suitcase and then
someone taps me on the shoulder.
And that's not done in Singapore. You
know what I mean? Like, of course
there's tourists there, but people don't
they're not touchy dealy in that part of
the world. So, I get tapped on the
shoulder and I I turn around to see who
that is and it's one of the women from
the car, the one who was the driver,
right? And she looks at me and she waves
and keeps on going. I just stare at her
and I I shake myself, you know, and I
start following her like with dragging
my suitcase, but she's gone. She's just
gone in the crowd. Just disappeared. But
she tapped me on the shoulder and waved.
>> What?
That is I'm getting the chills. That is
such a weird story.
>> Yeah, that threw me. And that that it
brought back the whole episode that I
had more or less forgotten about. It
brought it all back. If that hadn't
happened, I might have forgotten about
the first one, right? But this brought
it all back and said, you know, we're
here.
>> That is creepy. And if there was any
doubt that the first one was anomalous,
I mean, that's laid to rest. Like, that
is so strange,
>> weird.
>> So, you're asking me about NHI and
stuff. I don't know how to answer that
question. What was that?
>> Have you mowled over the meaning of it?
And has anything else come up since?
>> No, I've gotten I've gotten
stuff since then, but it hasn't been
that specific, that direct. I mean, and
it happens years apart, right? It
doesn't happen like a whole year I'm
getting all this stuff going on now. So,
years later then I'm in I'm at home. I'm
in Florida now. And uh 2:00 in the
morning, something like that. Place is
very quiet. And then suddenly I hear
this really loud electrical buzzing
sound. Very loud. And I'm I'm thinking,
what the hell did that? Did I short
something out? I don't have anything
that, you know, a couple of TVs in my
computer and that's about it. So, I'm
looking around to see what that could
be, and I can't I can't find it. And
then right then as I'm looking, I get
the knocks, right? Knock knock knock.
And then knock knock knock then knock.
Really loud knocks. And it's from inside
the house, right? It's nothing from
outside. There's it's 2 o'clock in the
morning. There's nobody knocking on my
door. So, that happened. So, you know,
then I think, okay, I'll make note of
this. And I I emailed uh Whitley Streer.
I said, 'If anybody knows how to make
sense of something like this, it'll be
Whitley. And Whitley said, 'D don't
worry about it. It's just the visitors
saying hello. Just, you know, saying
just passing through, you know, that's
all it is. Don't worry about it. So then
years after that, still in Florida, I'm
driving home. It's in December, shortly
before COVID happened. I think the
December before it all started and I'm
seeing what I think is a police
helicopter, you know, very close to the
house. So, I stop the car. It's in a
complex of buildings. I stop the car and
I think that's really strange. The It's
a helicopter. It's really close. It's
got a search light, but I don't see what
it's looking at. There's no light on the
ground, right? I'm looking at this thing
and I stop the car and I'm expecting to
hear, you know, the really loud rotor
blades. I hear nothing. So, I open the
car door and I stand up and look at it.
I'm looking at a triangle with the
lights.
>> Whoa.
>> And it's just sitting there and it's
totally quiet, not a sound, not not a
motion, nothing. Just the lights. I'm
looking at it, but my mind is going
through all the alternatives. Right?
This isn't a helicopter. Is this a
plane? I'm I'm not getting to the
obvious end result that this is not
supposed to be here, right? I'm trying
to think of a logical explanation for
this thing. And as I'm thinking of that
explanation and staring at it, it
disappears and it reappears down a few
feet down this way and then it takes
off. No acceleration. It just it didn't
move. It just was here and then it was
over there. No sound and then gone. And
I said, "Holy [__] I just saw a UFO for
the first time in my life." And I've
just published books about it. Right.
Yeah.
>> And written about it. Never saw one.
>> Yeah.
>> But there it was for the first time.
That's remarkable.
>> I I emailed that to Tom and he said,
"Damn it." He said, "I wish it had
happened to me." [laughter]
>> Yeah. Well, at some point I'd love to
have Tom on to discuss, you know, I
think he's had some interesting
experiences as well. But, um,
>> um, so what is the Necronomicon and why
is the Strategic Air Command interested
in the Necronomicon?
>> See, we're back to Fight Club now again.
You know what I'm saying? Um, what is
it? Good question. Um,
I was involved with that thing since
1975,
I guess it was.
But that's a that's another long story.
How much time do you have?
>> Uh, I have an infinite amount of time.
You're I do [laughter]
I have until your flight.
>> Oh, okay. Okay. Time enough for this
story. Necronomicon. I did a
presentation on this a couple of weeks
ago. I think Lincoln saw it. Yes, he
did. [snorts] Um,
>> shout out to Lincoln.
>> Shout out to Lincoln.
>> American alchemy researcher, friend and
kind of informal understudy of Peter
Lventa.
>> That sounds sad. [laughter]
The dangerous the sorcerers apprentice.
>> There you go.
>> So, yeah. Uh, that was an interesting
thing because I there's a long story
involved that as all my stories are
long. when you're 75, all your stories
are long. Um, so this one goes back to
75.
Um, it goes back to the church. It's
connected to the the Orthodox church,
the one that we started, my friend and
I. See, we started the church and then
in 19 um
late 69, I guess it was, I I got tired
of the whole thing because it just too
weird for me. Um, there was too much
strange stuff going on. There was a CIA
component to it which shouldn't have
been because domestic operations and all
that stuff. I don't know if they were
operating domestically, but I kept
running into these guys.
>> Wait, what? Tell me about that. What
What happened?
>> Well, we we had, as an example, I made
some noise about this on Substack. I
think it was a year or two ago, and the
wrestling community got really freaked
out.
>> You know, the worldwide wrestling
people,
>> they totally freaked out on me on this
one. They say, "Who the hell is this
guy? This shouldn't be doing this."
Um it's it believe me it it connects it
all connects up. We formed this church.
>> Okay.
>> Uh and during the time we had this
church we're going around, you know, as
church people going to do church
meetings and that sort of thing. So we
made a a friend, a guy called Andre
Pinacio.
Andre Pacio was a priest in the liberal
Catholic Church, which was an offshoot
of the Theosophical Society.
But he was a guy who knew a lot of
people in show business for some reason.
He was really connected to show business
and he knew all of the show business
types and he knew churches and
synagogues and people that had like
actors do things and stuff. So he was
like plugged into all of this. Andre
Pinacio achieved some fame briefly in
the movie The Godfather, the first one.
If you remember the famous baptism
scene, some guy in red robes
um presiding over the baptism. He says
nothing. He's a big guy wearing a sort
of a yamaka and red robes and white
surplus, I guess. And he's there
throughout the baptism ceremony. He says
nothing. That's Andre Pinacio. That's
how in plugged in he was. He got himself
a walk-on in the Godfather, right? So
this is this guy could do that. So now
he's inviting us to this meeting at some
place called the Brotherhood Synagogue
and that's in Greenwich Village in
Manhattan. And it was a
synagogue plus Presbyterian church. It
was a common they shared the space one
with the other very famous place at the
time in in the village. So we had a
meeting there with the rabbi in charge
of the synagogue operation
and ourselves, the two of us, Andre
Pacio as the third and the fourth guy
was a famous heavyweight champion. He
had dropped out of sight for a long
time. He was a mixed like he was Italian
um but he had Argentine roots or
something um very well-known guy but he
kind of dropped out of the scene for a
while. He's there at this meeting. Now,
I didn't know anything about boxing. I'm
still only like 18 years old, I suppose,
right? Again, no internet, boys and
girls. So, I knew nothing about this,
right? I just knew this was a huge
person. He was huge. I mean, when he
shook your hand, it was like your hand
disappeared. He's talking to us about
running operations for the CIA in
Lebanon.
He's just bluntly talking about it. He
figures he's among friends. It's a
synagogue, right? So he's saying, "Don't
worry about what Congress does or
doesn't do. It doesn't have any effect
on our support."
He says, "I've been flying phantom jets
into
into Lebanon for onward flights into
Israel, directly into Israel." I forget
how he worded it. He says, "They box
them up in car in crates. They ship them
to Luxmbourg," he mentioned, for some
reason. "And we take them out of the
crates in Luxembourg, and we have pilots
fly them down to Israel. They never show
up on the manifest as our shipments to
Israel. You've got the phantom phantom
jets. No problem. He says, you know,
I've had a few guys killed from out from
under me in Lebanon as well. He says,
but we're on top of things there. You
guys don't need to worry about anything.
I'm listening to this and I'm thinking,
should I be listening to this? Should I
be in the room with this discussion? I
don't know what the hell is going on
with this, right? I come back and I just
make a note of this. And then couple of
years later, just maybe I don't know,
three or four years later, I suppose,
there's this phone number you could call
in New York City to find out the contact
information for any celebrity. It didn't
last very long, but it was there and you
could just dial them up and ask them.
So, I dialed up, you know, you could ask
for anybody, any famous actor, actress,
it would give you some form of contact
information. So I called up and asked
for this guy and um
I was put on hold and then like a minute
or two later they got back and says no
sorry nothing we have nothing on him and
they would just hang up like that you
know nothing happened again he died a
couple of years after that uh there was
a funeral there was a big newspaper
story on him no mention of course as
being involved in American intelligence
of any kind in any capacity that's not
there so then about two years ago So, I
wrote an article. I have a Substack,
which I haven't done anything with in
about a year, but I have a Substack. And
I wrote an article about this particular
event. And I I drew connections because
this guy also acted as an actor briefly
in Brook Shield's very first movie, the
one filmed in Patterson, New Jersey. Uh,
and it was a horror movie, sort of a
supernatural horror movie. And this guy
shows up as the Undertaker, right? So,
he has this little bit part in this
thing. And then I wrote this whole story
about Brook Shields. This first movie
Patterson uh one of the people involved
in the film was married to the guy who
plays the priest in The Exorcist. Right?
So there's all these weird satanic kind
of undercurrens and connections and it
was like a satanic sort of serial killer
movie with ritual overtones. It took
place in a Catholic church during holy
communion and everything. So it was all
this, you know, spooky stuff all layered
in there. And so I just mentioned this
and then the uh the wrestling people,
somebody found it and they went nuts.
They said, "How the hell? We didn't know
what happened to this guy. Now this guy
knows. How does this guy know? He's a
nobody." [laughter] And somebody said,
"Well, we shouldn't say he's a nobody.
He's a nobody in our world, but maybe,
you know, in some other world he's
somebody." So, there was this big
discussion over this, like this is what
happened to him. This was part of what
goes on and part of what happened as us
being involved in intelligence stuff,
not being wanted, not wanting to be
involved in intelligence stuff with the
churches at the time. Right? So this
happened uh and that same church then
went on. I broke with them after this. I
didn't want to be associated with them.
I didn't know what was going on because
they kept they kept having these parties
where there were, you know, TV types
were there or Broadway types were there.
Um not the not the stuff you're hearing
about these days of the Hollywood, you
know, satanic stuff that's always, you
know, on the internet for some reason.
Was nothing like that. But it was just
people attending these parties. But they
were making connections. These are
people disconnecting with each other.
And they might be in business. They
might be in government. They might be in
Hollywood. These connections are made.
So that was fine. That's what I knew.
You know, I was uncomfortable with my
position and all of this. I wouldn't
feel that secure. So I I left. Right. As
soon as I left the church, I got a
notice from selective service that I was
being drafted.
So I made a phone call.
And after I made the phone call, they
dropped that and they said, "No, you're
okay. I just kind of threatened to talk
about what I knew." And they said, "No,
forget it. You're you're still good."
>> Oh, wow.
>> So then a little bit after that,
what happens is I find out that the
church that I had left, I get a phone
call from them, from my partner, from my
friend, and he comes in and says,
"Listen, uh, I need you if you could
just come back for a short time.
Something weird is going on here, and I
think you're the person to look into
it." I said, "Thanks." And it turns out
he had these monks working for him.
Monks, people that I didn't know. Uh
people that had come to him from some
other church. They always do. They they
cross fertilize that way. And um they
specialize in rare books and he thinks
they're stealing them because they give
him all these great books. And he was
still interested in occult things as
well. So he got these beautiful occult
volumes from like the 16th century, 17th
century. Priceless looking things.
Right? I'm staring at this stuff. He's
got a shelf full and he says, "These
guys are acquiring them." He says, "But
I have doubts about these guys. I don't
know if they're if they're legitimately
getting these or not. I'm afraid that
he's going to expose me to some problems
cuz so could you go and spy on them?
They've never seen you. They don't know
what you look like. Never heard of you.
Just go there, you know, and say like
you're in the book business and you want
to see what's up." So I did that, right?
So I said, "Yeah, it sounds good." So I
went to visit them at their location
which was they had a chapel and it was
located above a strip club in Jamaica,
Queens. And upstairs they had, you know,
a sort of makeshift chapel like a little
altar in the front because they were
posing as priests as monks. And uh but
in the back room they had all these this
machinery for taking care of the rare
books. What they would do is they would
steam out any library impressions and if
there was ink involved, they had ink
eradication equipment that wouldn't
leave any marks on the books and then
they would tear out the maps and sell
them separately. Sometimes they would
get more money for the map than they
would for the book.
And this to me was a ne I'm a book lover
from
day one. So you don't do this to books,
right? You don't strip I don't write in
my books even, right? So these guys are
just, you know, ri ripping off books
left and right. So I realized that's
what's going on. And you know, after one
or two visits with them and everything
else, getting acquainted with them, I
went back to my friend and said, you
know, this is this is what's happening.
Uh so then he freaked out that you this
was going to be a big problem for him.
So he had all of these priceless books
in his possession and he destroyed them.
He burned them.
>> Whoa. so that he wouldn't get caught.
But in the process, I I snagged one or
two things that I thought should be
saved from the fire that I would take
responsibility for. I don't know where
he got them, if he got them from these
monks or got them from somebody else,
but a box of a manuscript, right, which
looked cool to me. And I said, "This
looks pretty cool. I'm going to keep
this and see what I can do with it." And
so then I
brought it to a friend of mine who run
ran an oult bookstore in Brooklyn
Heights, the Warlock shop, a guy called
Herman Slater. And uh I bring the box
over to him and he says, "Oh, this looks
great." You know, what is it? And I I
show him the the the page on the front
is like a lot of writing, but there's a
heavy writing in Greek letters in the
front. And uh in my basic rusty Greek,
which I only know the Greek alphabet
because I studied the Russian this the
curillic alphabet. I said, "This looks
like it says necronomicon."
And and Herman Slater has a heart attack
on the spot. He says, "No, no, no, no,
no. You can't be serious." I said, "I
don't know. Am I serious about what?" I
never read a cult fiction, you know. So
Lovecraft meant nothing to me. you know,
it's a it's a word that was in the
background somewhere, but I never read
any short stories by Lovecraft. It was
not my thing. You know, I gravitated
more towards non-fiction for magic and
occult stuff. I wanted the non-fiction
or the closest I came were the Dennis
Wheatley novels, three novels that he
wrote on occultism because they talked
about Proly and they talked about the
stuff like that from like another
perspective. So, I thought that was cool
and I just I read those. Um, but that
was it, you know. So, now he said, "No,
you have to translate this. we have to
see what this is cuz this looks cool.
This, you know, find somebody and and do
it. So that started this whole
um odyssey of figuring out what this
book is, you know, is it something that
Lovecraft talked about? Is it just a a
name? You know, it has no relationship
at all to Lovecraft. I I had to learn
about Lovecraft. I didn't know nothing
about it. So I had to learn about it.
And I talked to my friend at the the
church guy who was burning all the
books. And he didn't have a clue. He
didn't want to know at this point
because now these guys are getting
arrested and they were arrested for
committing the largest rare book theft
in America's history. Turns out they had
stolen hundreds if not thousands of
books and sold them all over the place
coast to coast and in Canada and Mexico
as well. The Mounties were brought in as
part of the investigation. So this was a
major operation that they were running.
Where they what they did with the money,
I don't know, but they did get sent to
prison. they serve time for it uh in
federal facilities. So, you know, my
friend was wise to stay get as far away
from it as possible. But still, I mean,
he was the church they belonged to at
the time. They were officially part of
his operation. So, that was it led to a
lot of paranoia on my part, on his part,
on the part of everybody involved in
this thing. But eventually by 1975,
October 12th, as it turned out, it was
just serendipitous. all of the
translation work had been done had been
compiled basically that we knew what was
in the book and that was the date that
we said okay we're finished this is it
now what do we do with it right so
Herman Slater held on to it for a while
um the only copy of it and the only
translation was his okay you do
something with this right so then
thereby leads another tale because then
a guy called Larry Barnes walks into our
lives and Larry Barnes was one of the
most incredible people I've met in my
life. A very strange guy, but strange in
a nice way.
He um he walks into the the store and he
looks at all the weird stuff that's
hanging. There's there's skulls and
there's, you know, there's daggers and
there's all these books and there's
herbs. There's whole bunches of herbs
and roots and stuff. And he goes over to
Herman Slater and he says, "Um, you
wouldn't happen to have a copy of the
Necronomicon in here, would you?" And
Herman Slater very victoriously pulls it
from underneath the counter, right? He
says, "Here it is." And so Larry Barnes
went absolutely nuts because he was a
total cartoon freak and a Lovecraft
freak and everything uh from the art
side, not from the occult side, just
from the, you know, the vibe side. So he
was just totally into this like big
time. So he then wanted to publish the
book actually. Uh believe it or not,
nobody wanted to publish it. Nobody was
that interested in it at the time, but
Larry Bes came up with it and says, "Oh
my god, we can do something with this."
So
he uh he got me involved. He got um a
number of people involved, people who
had been belonged to various occult
societies and stuff who had the
connections to do some of the the uh the
type setting. In those days, there were
no computers per se. So making a book
was much more laborious than it is now.
Uh you had to set type and you had to
redraw a lot of the art. You couldn't
just copy it. It had to be done a
certain way. So it was a lot of fussy
stuff that was involved. So it took a
while. So by finally by 1977
uh by December of 77 there was a
completed actual book for sale.
But to get to your initial question
which has been like a half an hour ago
um what is it after this with the
strategic air command? What happened was
>> well what and what's in the
Necronomicon?
>> Oh okay. Well if you're a Lovecraft
person you have some ideas as to what
must be in it. It's kind of like that.
It's a grimoire. It's a it's a book. um
that pretends to be a pre-Islamic
or if not anti-Islamic, it's not
anti-Islamic because there's nothing
anti-Islamic in it, but I would say
pre-Islamic uh book of casting spells of
of of conjuring spirits. Uh and there's
even a kind of of abbreviated version of
the creation epic, the Samrian creation
epic in it. There's Samrian words in it,
Samrian deities, and then there's some
Babylonian and Acadian. It's kind of
mixed. Um, it seems to be a book of, you
know, that a sorcerer might have used uh
in the Middle East, probably Iraq, uh,
before the advent of Islam or before
Islam really took over and basically
destroyed a lot of that material. And
>> so you found the only copy of it
essentially.
>> Essentially. Yeah.
>> Wow.
>> Handwritten, right?
>> That's crazy.
>> Yeah. That's what it is. And that's
>> And what's the
>> But we didn't know what it was. that
Lovecraft writes about it or
>> Well, Lovecraft writes that it's a
dangerous book that even possessing it
means you're you're summoning demons and
spirits and stuff and it's a gateway a
portal to other dimensions and
>> and you found it and it and what's
>> I don't know if it's it. I mean,
Lovecraft scholars will say, "No, that's
not it."
>> Okay.
>> It's not Lovecraftian enough.
>> I mean, if it was going to be a hoax, do
a better hoax is their their response,
right? But
>> might be it.
>> Do it. It's a book with the same name.
>> Okay. Does it well does it if you do
like a an unbiased
you know historioggraphic kind of
analysis on it does it sort of comport
with
>> you know uh materials at that time
written materials or
>> I think the more we know now
>> the closer it becomes to a real thing
when they first came out people rose a
lot of objections to it and I think on
pretty standard sound grounds phonetic
grounds for instance things like that
where it couldn't have meant it couldn't
have been this it could not have in that
uh uh we make the point in the book that
uh Lovecraft's famous arch weird
connector between humans and the the
elder gods or the ancient ones is culu
and it's spelled c t h u l hu right no
one knows how it's really pronounced
it's like supposed to be a garbling in
the throat sound like it's it's a
nonhuman alphabet right a non-human name
but we're looking at it and came up with
the idea we talked to a scholar of
Sumeriology. You have to have somebody
who knows Sumerian. And he said,
"Koutulu,
I mean that's a Sumerian form. It means
a person from the underworld." Kutu is
the underworld and lu means person. It
means a human being or man. So it's the
man from the underworld. This coutulu
that they're talking about in the book
is the man from the underworld. And then
so that sent us off another wild goose
chase. It's like coutu is the
underworld. And we found out there is a
place. It's but I mean the
Samariologists would know it was called
Couta or Kutu in Samrian or Babylonian
and it was a place that was supposed to
be the entrance to the underworld. It
exists today today in Iraq.
It's south of Baghdad, south, east of
Baghdad and it's the place where Abraham
is said to be buried till Iraim is there
and if you look at pictures of it now
it's just a big empty wasteland. Nothing
is built there but that's supposed to be
the entrance to the underworld.
So fascinating.
>> So you things started to make sense
later.
>> Yeah.
>> Right. And they found an Arabic
rendering in the Quran of a being called
Al Khadul, which is supposed to be a
kind of quality of anti- something. It's
like an adversary name, right? And so
there's like things started to make
sense that didn't make sense back in
1975, but with the passage of time and,
you know, sober looking back at it,
things kind of start connecting more
than they used to. But from an unbiased
perspective, I can't be unbiased. I was
involved with it since like the
beginning. But from my unbiased
perspective,
it's a book with the same name. And it's
quite possible that somebody knew about
it. Lovecraft heard the name, you know,
and crafted his idea of what the
Necronomicon should be based on that
>> that he just simply heard the name and
that the name was around because there
isn't a lot in there that says that
screams Lovecraft,
>> but there are pieces that do, you know.
So, and real real quick before we get
into the government's interest in this
topic, which you know is mind-blowing
that the government strategic air
command might be interested in a book
about the dead [laughter]
references ancient, you know, Sumerian
myth. And I mean, that's fascinating.
But, um,
>> truly your life does resemble Johnny
Depp's character in the Ninth Gate. book
collectors on this mission
>> to find these like three like devil
books or whatever. And so I didn't
realize this before doing this interview
until Lincoln actually brought it up,
but you are the inspiration for Johnny
Depp's character in the Ninth in Roman
Pollinsky's famous movie, The Ninth
Gate, which is also, I think, Jacqu
Valet's favorite movie.
>> I didn't know that.
>> Oh, yeah.
>> Oh, boy. Okay, I'm in deep trouble now.
Now Jacques's going to call me up and
say it was you.
Um, no. Okay,
this is the thing. We have to pull back
a little bit. The story is not based on
me at all. The story was a Spanish
novel, very well-known Spanish novel.
>> So, the story has nothing to do with me.
The character of Johnny Depp, however,
from what I've been told by the people
who worked on the Palansky film when
they were in New York. See, Palansky
can't come to the States for reasons we
think we all know. uh he was accused of
of of sexual abuse of a minor. So he is
now in France virtually forever. Um so
he doesn't come to the United States.
He's filmed he's made movies in the
United States but he hasn't come
himself. So he has scouts that do the
you know the B-roll stuff and they look
for the you know uh uh location shots
and stuff like that. And some of the
movie takes place in New York. So there
were people in New York working for
Palansky and they came across this
story. They came across the story of
myself and the book and all of this and
they got the physical description down,
right? So, I was even thinner then than
I am now. I was like maybe 125. Um, I
always wore suits. That's a whole other
story, but I always wore suits and tie
constantly. Uh, I wore a black sort of
uh trench coat, raincoat kind of thing.
Uh, I had a beard obviously. I always
had a shoulder bag, uh, glasses, the
whole nine yards. I mean, it's the
Johnny Depp character. dark clothing,
the whole thing. And the book business
guy, I was always in and out of
bookstores, right, in that outfit. And I
was uh involved with Wiser's bookstore,
which in New York City was the famous
occult bookstore with the a pedigree
going back a long time.
>> And you came upon maybe the occult book,
which [clears throat] is the ne the
necronomic,
>> right? which is like this like the most
forbidden book that you're not supposed
to possess which ends up kind of being
true for Johnny Depp and his character
as well where you're really not supposed
to possess all three books.
>> You see, but they had the story already
so I fit unbeknownst to me because I
hadn't read the novel at that time,
right?
>> But I fit the whole the whole thing. It
was as though it was scripted. So the
people around Depp were saying this
actually happened. this story actually
happened to this guy, you know, and we
have all this information about him and
we talked to people who knew him and
stuff. And so that kind of got into the
film from what I understand. I had
forgotten all about this to tell you the
truth until a few months ago. I was
talking to um uh a guy who makes a
videographer uh actually I think he's
based in in Florida as well and he came
down to meet me just a couple months ago
and he says, "Do you remember that thing
about Johnny Depp and the and you know
the ninth gate?" And I said, "Oh my god,
I've forgotten all about that." And he
told me the story again. So it's been
around. The story has been around. I
don't know who's promulgated it, but
it's been around. So yeah, that that's
kind of weird, but imagine me, but you
know, like 40 years ago. Uh that's
pretty much how I looked.
>> So wild. So if I'm strategic air
command, why do I care at all?
>> Well, this is how that happened.
>> Yeah. We're going to announce the book
now.
We're, you know, Larry Barnes is
financing the publication of this book
and it's costing some money because he
wants it bound in leather. He wants
silver stamping. He wants really good
quality paper. He wants silk ribbon. The
whole nine yards he wants with this
thing. He's calling all the shots he's
paying for this. Um, but it's not really
his money. It's his father's money.
They're part of the largest lithography
press on the East Coast. His father owns
it. So, they're they're wealthy. They
live I think in Fort Lee, New Jersey,
across the bridge and they have all this
money and but his father is doesn't
follow his son's enthusiasms as much and
he wants to get his money back as
quickly as possible to finance this
thing. So they come up with this scheme
which I didn't know existed. It's called
barter space.
And in magazines at that time, these big
glossy magazines like Omni, Psychology
Today, you could run ads in those
magazines without actually paying them
upfront the cost of the of the page. You
could pay them in merchandise.
So what we were going to do, what we did
is we had barter space in the the top
magazines that were around at the time,
including Omni, including Psychology
Today. These were very important
magazines. Omni was big time. uh I think
uh high times even we were in that which
was the weed connoisseurs magazine of
choice we were in a lot of stuff very
expensive space we had full page ads in
those magazines that we did by giving
them you know we're selling this book
for I forget how much they were selling
it for the leatherbound edition was
limited edition 666 copies and I think
it went for $150 or something I forget
how much it was it was very expensive
and so we would give you know like 10
copies or something to to Omni or
Psychology Today or High Times, whatever
it was, and that was the initial
payment, you know, they would take the
orders. So, the the ads came to them.
They would take the orders and once they
got the orders, they would we would
fulfill them to that point, to that
level, and then anything else was gravy.
It was our money. So, that's how we paid
for the book. We paid for it before it
was published. It was completely paid
for before it was published. All those
ads brought us the orders, but it also
meant it brought us a lot of attention.
It wasn't a little ad in the back of
Fate magazine. These were full page ads
in Omni. Omni was being read by the
Pentagon.
>> Really?
>> Omni had really great articles in there
about technology.
>> It also had great design.
>> Great design.
>> Super cool.
>> Yeah.
>> So, there are people at the Pentagon,
there are people in the intelligence and
the, you know, military-industrial
complex who are aware of Omni very much
so. And they read the articles. they
knew what was being discussed because
they discussed UFOs, they discussed
space technology, artificial
intelligence, it was all there in Omni
in the 1970s.
>> So yeah, they were doing that and
eventually it got to the attention of
people in the military. So we would get
letters, you know, and we would get
letters from uh Fort this or Fort that
saying, "You guys doing a great job.
Keep it up." You know what? You're in
you're what? You know, Marine bases,
army bases. And then the SA the street
of air command SACE came in with a
letter you know just a nice letter
saying congratulations on your new
publication. We didn't ask for them for
>> and it's like the organization itself or
it's a general or
>> it's on it's on their stationary and I
forget Larry Barnes kept all of that. So
I forget you know who signed it
actually. I would love to know now
because that would say something.
>> What do why do you think they were
interested at all in the Necronomicon?
It's evidence that they were interested
in this material from the get-go.
>> Yeah.
>> Right. I think they're interested since
the beginning.
>> But what's the connection? How is that?
>> Well, operation often all the psychic
research they were doing the research.
>> That's what operation often was.
>> Yeah. Operation often among other
things, there's different various
descriptions of it that you'll find
online. They mostly emphasize the drugs
and LSD research of operation often, but
some of the side operations involved
studying witchcraft, studying occultism,
studying magic, right? Civil Leak was
involved. No one knows anymore who
Sibilik was, but she was a very famous
English witch uh stout lady, very famous
for all of her jewels and and stuff. She
was on American tele talk TV back in the
60s and 70s a great deal. She published
a lot of books on occultism, on magic,
on witchcraft. Uh she was very plugged
in though with the whole Wiccan
community with um Raymond Buckland and
the Gardenarians and if if you know
about Wikah and witchcraft, she was like
one of the the goats, right? She was
there from the beginning uh the OG. So
she was like so put her name on it on
witchcraft and made it look kind of
accessible because she was like this
sweet lady type um with an asserbic wit
by the way. So she was being she was
openly involved with operation often as
we find out later. She was involved with
a lot of these things. They wanted to
test her. They wanted to see who she
knew. They wanted to understand about
magic. How does that work? Because they
understood
the
quote unquote brainwashing that had been
going on in Korea during the Korean War
by the Chinese and the Russians on
American troops who then come out and
say they love the Soviet Union or they
love communism. They understood this to
be a kind of consciousness manipulation
and they said, "Wow, if we could only do
that, right, that they're doing to our
troops, we could do that to theirs or if
we could do that to people in general,
right? What can we do? How can we
manage? How can we manipulate people,
manipulate consciousness?" And so
operation often was just a side
sideshoot of that. It was a sideshow.
Basically the major show was the drugs
and the hypnosis that was full boore
going on massive psychological
conditioning on undergone in Montreal
Canada for instance um at an institute
there that was funded by CIA for a long
time. The guy who ran that was the guy
who to go back again um to our other
subject is the guy who had basically
debriefed and analyzed um Herman Hess
and Herman Hes not the author Rudolfph
Hess
>> uh the Nazi leader who was second in
command to Hitler at the time. He flew
to Great Britain to try to make a peace
deal or something between England and
Nazi Germany. He was promptly arrested
and thrown in jail. Uh but the British
high command had some doubts as to
whether or not this was really Herman
Hess or was a double. So they brought in
um the psychiatrist who name now escapes
me but it's in my books uh from this
institute in Montreal to go and
investigate this guy. Just talk to him.
>> You and Cameron maybe or no
>> Cameron? Yes. You and Cameron. That's
it. Thank you. Yes, that's who it was.
>> Dr. Yu and Cameron who was head of the
World Psychiatric Institute for a while.
This is not like some guy they found,
you know, in a back alley somewhere.
This was a major guy in the field. They
sent him to uh prison. At that time he
was still in prison in England uh to
look at this guy and talk to him and
figure out is this really Herman Hess or
is it a double? Right. And I think he
came away with the idea that I'm not too
sure, you know?
>> Um so he wasn't really 100% definitive
on that. Rudolph H by the way is
>> Rudolph not Herman not Rudolph sure
>> Herman that's another story Herman
>> great author
>> great author Rudolph H not so much
>> so yeah but he uh but Rudolph Hnau it's
important to understand talk about
psychic research in the in the Nazi
Germany this guy was total on board with
that
>> he believed he was in telepathic
communication with his wife while he was
in prison they ran telepathy experiments
this guy believed in astrology 100%
which is why he timed his flight for
that specific day and time
>> hes was totally on board with occultism
and he was number two in Germany.
>> He was Hitler's right-hand man. When
Hitler was arrested, Hitler then ordered
all occultists, all astrologers in
Germany to be arrested, thrown in the
camps, right? Automatically it's
illegal. Freemasonry was illegal under
under Nazi in Nazi Germany, right?
[gasps] Uh so you know there there goes
>> because it didn't work in the context of
Rudolfph Hess.
>> Well, because Rudolfph Hess did
something he wasn't supposed to do.
>> Got it. He disobeyed Hitler.
>> And so Hitler kind of associated him
with all this occult stuff. And so he
that was his kind of retaliation.
>> Okay. I don't believe that Hitler was
really an occultist. I make that point
in Unholy Alliance. I try to make it
really firmly. I don't think Hitler was
an occultist per se at all. I don't see
Hitler in a robe, you know, casting
spells. It no never going to happen. But
when he was poor, when he was destitute
in Vienna, trying to get into art school
and selling postcards on the streets of
Vienna, he became enthralled with a
bunch of occult magazines that he came
across. And these occult magazines were
run by a guy called Lance Fan Libfels,
who was the head of something called the
Order of the New Templars. And this was
like the whole Arian theory again, writ
large, but given this weird Templar
vagarian thing. And Hitler was nothing
if not a vagarian. this guy loved his
Vagner. So this Vagnerian idea of the
Templars of you know um the ring cycle
and all the rest of it kind of mixed in
with you know anti-semitism and all the
rest of it was right up Hitler's alley.
So he read all this stuff he was
fascinated by it and took a lot of time
with it. It said that he actually
visited Lans van Libfels in his office.
He was so taken by it. That's that's the
story that Lieieberfel himself tells.
But he had this, you know, new Templar
thing where we're going to resurrect the
Knights Templar and it was going to be
this Christian order that was going to
wipe out uh all the the Mongrel races,
you know, from Europe and all the other
religions. It would be the secret
society at first, but then it would rule
Germany. So Hitler as a young
impoverished person, like a lot of young
impoverished people, sort of fell in
with this, right? [snorts] It was a cult
kind of thing. It promised all sorts of
stuff. It said your your problems are
not your fault. It's, you know, the
other people that are responsible. and
he was a Vagner enthusiast and all of
this kind of went together in his own
mind. I don't believe that Hitler saw
himself as an occultist at all. I think
he thought it was fuzzy thinking. It was
not militarily applicable anyway. He
couldn't use it to kill people.
>> So Himmler tried to disavow him of that,
saying, "We do this because he gets
people on our side. They love the fire,
the torch lit ceremonies, you know."
Yeah.
>> They love all this stuff. They love the
the runes, the Nazi runes, the SS runes
and the death set. the black uniforms
make everybody crazy with fear and this
is how you manipulate people this is a
way to do it and said yeah you might be
right but then when Hes does and does
goes and does this it's like oh wait a
minute right
>> so you have all this Nazi interest in
the occult you later have American
programs like MK often that seem to
dabble in witchcraft and sort of you
know these these strange things
>> and but then strategic air command I
think of as this kind of hyperfunctional
organization
>> so you think these are maybe just rogue
vigilante researchers that are happen to
be a part of strategic air command that
are into this stuff or do you think they
are institutionally
interested in the concepts in the
Necronomicon?
>> No, no, I think they have a lot more on
their plate than the Necronomicon.
>> Okay. Okay. That's what I always think.
Yeah. Yeah.
>> But that doesn't mean that everybody is
on board,
>> right? So when you have somebody at SACE
who's like,
>> you know, this is like what we're
studying. We're studying consciousness
manipulation. We're studying some of
this stuff
>> because why?
What's one of the things that happens
with the guys they send out into space
or into high altitude flight, right? How
do they train them? They train them in
sensory deprivation tanks.
>> And what do they report when they're in
sens tanks? Weird [__]
>> Weird [__]
>> They see they hallucinate all kinds of
stuff.
>> Yeah.
>> That's the open door. That's the back
door at SAC for in for investigating
paranormal phenomena and occultism and
all this other kind of stuff. That's
their back door. Is this is this a a
portal into the human mind? Is this does
this enable us to go in there because
something's happening to these guys?
>> Yeah. Well, John Lily, who created the
isolation tank, claimed to be in contact
with two basically forms of non-human
intelligence, Echko, the like Earth
control coordination office and SSI, I
think, um, solid state intelligence. and
the solid state intelligence I think
while he was on like ketamine yeah
>> told him like I need more resources to
like manifest myself into existence and
he I think he even said silicon which
makes me think like the modern AI race
with compute because all these chips are
Nvidia chips are all silicon
>> so um interesting well that's wild
>> you know um something that I I have to
credit to Lincoln that he always brings
up is the space delta 7 patch this is
this is now connecting to your amazing
book, Stairway to Heaven, which I love
because it it create, you know, if
you're looking for this Joseph Campbell
style kind of underpinning architecture
behind all the world's religions, you
have to look to some of these more
esoteric practices. And you have in
Judaism the marba, right,
>> which is, you know, the idea of Ezekiel
going up on the chariot. Um but you have
uncovered all this research around
seven levels being this recurring theme
across Chinese shing daoism right
>> Islam
um aroseianism
yeah like all these different I mean the
ziggurats and heal and yeah Sumeriia
Egypt
>> and then obviously Judaism and it's it's
really remarkable it's almost like
there's some underlying
kind objective fabric,
>> right,
>> that then inspires all these other
stories. But the stories are more
incidental to some underlying
architecture that involves
>> literally ascending
through, I guess, you know, uh uh what
is it? Ursa Major, the the Big Dipper.
It's it's pretty remarkable.
>> Well, and it goes back to the original
point that we made with with
[clears throat] sinister with secret
machines, and that is there's this
there's this point that we became a
cargo cult, right? It's possible that
these seven stars the system of seven
layers is that is is a manifestation of
that. It's that we we have it imprinted
somehow that this is the way to go. Um I
talk about in as well um the idea of the
double helix DNA which we only
discovered in the in 1960 right or in
the [snorts] 1950s anyway we announced
it in 1960. this double helix, the two
strands of the DNA molecule. Double
stranded helixes don't exist in nature
except for the DNA molecule, but they
don't exist in visible nature. They're
not part of our world. Single helix
helix does, right? A serpent will go
like that or we'll have examples of it
in nature, but not two of them. And yet
you find it everywhere in ancient art,
right? I found a diagram from ancient
China going back 600 years in China
where the mother and the father that
created the world are depicted as two
serpents with tails twined about each
other but with human heads, a human male
and a human female, but their tails are
serpents twined around each other. Um,
and they're the they're the parents of
humans, right?
>> And they're holding one is holding a
compass and one is holding a square.
It's like the Masonic symbols. It
doesn't make sense for that to be in
China at that time. Right. But they're
holding Masonic symbols and that that's
that's a whole other thing. I haven't
even gone there. Right.
>> Isn't Isn't the hypocratic symbol like
the
>> Yeah. Right. But this right the uh the
symbol of the of Mercury, right?
>> The two serpents around each other. The
symbol of healing. Essipius.
Es see I'm talking too long and I'm
starting to stumble over my own words.
Anyway, the god of medicine. Yes. that
the the twin serpents around a central
staff. The Russian Orthodox Church, the
staff for the bishop is exactly that.
>> Two serpents around a central staff, but
we only saw it in real life in the DNA
molecule. Does that mean that DNA has
been communicating to us because it's in
virtually every cell of our body for,
you know, as long as we've been around
and it's giving us this message? It's
like imprinting itself in our
consciousness somehow. If so, then the
seven steps, the seven layers, the seven
stars to heaven may be part of that.
>> So you have these stories of, you know,
Ezekiel, Enoch, you in some
interpretation of the book of Acts, you
could say Jesus was of this variety,
right?
>> Where you go up to heaven, you walk with
God, and then maybe you come back down
at some point.
>> Exactly.
>> And do do you think that these events
actually happen? Do you think that a
person can ascend to reach you know to
walk with God to to to see God's throne
to see the heavens and then come back
down? Do you think that's possible?
>> Again the problem is our use of language
and words and what do we mean by all
this?
>> Is is the process real? Yes,
>> people do it. It's real. It has
happened. It doesn't happen that
frequently because
you build up a head of steam maybe if
you are
consistent in work on this level. It can
happen that way. The the the Merkava
mystics did it right. They they're
living proof even today that this
process is possible. I mean every every
year during Yam Kapour is the time when
certain groups of Jewish mystics then
will then descend the chariot. That's
when they're supposed to do it. That's,
you know, that's the time.
>> And the goal is to liberate soul from
body somehow or to to to liberate spirit
from body.
>> The problem then becomes the ideology.
>> So this is the problem that I have. So I
don't have a problem with Jewish
mystics. What I'm saying is that Jewish
mystics will interpret this as being
valuable specifically to to behold the
throne of God and to come back down
>> and to tell everybody they've seen it.
That's it.
>> End of story. not to be. There's no
apotheiois implied. There's no becoming
of God. That would be absolute heresy in
Judaism as it would be in Christianity,
mostly Christianity. So that's
considered a no no, right? You're just
there to see God and to have that
experience and come back.
>> It's kind of implied with Jesus. I mean,
>> it's implied with Jesus and Jesus
actually kind of says it.
>> Um, and he also like the miracles ramp
up in the book of Acts.
>> Yes.
>> So, but like I don't know. I think most
Christians believe he was born the the
son of God, right? So he didn't like
sort of transform post ascending to
heaven.
>> It depends which which interpretation
because
>> so in your interpretation he did
transform through this ascent process.
>> You're going to get me in trouble and
people are going to send they're going
to dox me. Okay.
>> Um I can say this. I can say that at the
time the Bible was put into stone which
is 300 years after Christ died um a lot
of interpretations were looked at
selected and only what we have now is
what was kept that doesn't mean it's
necessarily more true than the other
versions that were out there of which
Jesus became godlike because of his
practices. Um Jesus had two different
personalities. One was divine, one was
human. All different kinds of so-called
heresies were abroad at the time. uh we
try we try to figure out what was the
prevailing one at the time of Jesus'
life and we don't actually know uh
because nobody was nobody who wrote a
gospel was around at the time so you
know it's all hearsay anyway
>> um so we're trying to put together a
story and as I always tell people we
still don't know what was on the 18 and
a half minute Oval Office tape gap
during Watergate we still don't know
that that how do we know what happened
you know 2,000 years ago we're still
trying to put that story together
>> is there you know there's the parable of
the parties where you have four rabbis
try to ascend to heaven
>> and only one comes down you know intact
right
>> is that somehow a really fitting pmic on
trying this stuff out when you're not
ready cabala I believe you're supposed
to be 35 and like married and very
grounded before even starting to
initiate yourself
>> 100% all of that it's because they've
seen the danger right these people know
what they're talking about. They have
seen the danger. Their their their
points of view about religion, theology,
incarnation, reincarnation, life after
death may all be different, but the
process is the same.
>> That's what's so beautiful about this.
The process is pretty much the same. It
involves the same inner practices
basically. And it's an interior process
for the most part, right? It's not
really so much an exterior one that can
use be used. It can help. What is the
pro? Is it is it more scientific than
like trying to follow virtuous
principles and meditate? Like what is is
there some sort of formula? Is there is
there an infomercial
DVD I can buy?
>> There's a book actually. No, I'm not
plugging one of mine. Calm down.
[laughter] Uh this is a book by Moa
Adele,
>> very famous Kabala scholar, right?
Probably the one who inherited the
mantle of Gersham Scholam. Moa Adele.
very famous, very important guy,
co-authored a book on Cabala from a
scientific perspective, from a
consciousness psychological perspective.
>> A very grounded one, not kind of a
purely like a Yungian approach to it,
which you know you can find in a lot of
places. This is based on neuroscience
and I can't think of the title of the
book off the top of my head, but if you
look up Moji Adele, you'll find the book
uh limited. It's about
limited. You'll find the book yeah
limited probably but you will find it
it's not like the major books that EDL
has written but you will find it listed
uh and it's it's a co-authored with the
scientist with the neuroscientists and
they go through it and they figure what
does this really mean in terms of
neuroscience
>> and so it is a grounded approach to
kabala from that perspective it's
fascinating
>> and I high recommend it if you're
interested in that and seeing if this
can be part of science if it can be part
of a grounded approach to this material
without taking on board all of the
religious just symbolisms and
restrictions and everything else that's
involved but understanding what those
restrictions mean what what is the
effect of it what should should somebody
have what what orientation should
somebody have towards this because I you
know I think it's like staring at the
sun a little bit right like you can it
can be really bad for you if you if you
do too much of it like I think uh
sometimes I think you know just life has
everything in it that you need and
trying to bust out of some sort of
simulation
and look for some sort of forbidden
esoteric knowledge is it's usually
doesn't end well, right? So like what's
the right
>> I agree completely with what you just
said. Um
I would recommend for most people just
being cool and getting through life as
peacefully as you possibly can. The
difficulty only comes when life itself
has other plans. M
>> when life is starting to make you look
then it might be a good idea to look
right.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
>> I think some people need that impetus
from outside before they do it. And
that's probably a good thing. I think if
you're just living a normal life and
you're perfectly peaceful and happy with
the way it is, why rock the boat? I I
feel that 100%. Um I wish I could have
done that right from the beginning, but
I got thrown into this like in the deep
end. So I had to make my way somehow.
Um, and the idea is, like I say, to
maintain a sense of humor about it. It's
about all that keeps you even, you know,
because it can get weird. If not dark,
it just gets weird. And the weirdness,
you know, doesn't make sense to you. And
if you focus too much on the weirdness,
you find yourself going a little too
weird.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Well, I find that to be the
case with UFO research. Like it's
somehow you often find it's like this
feels like Dante's Inferno. It's like
just weird vibes everywhere. Like you go
to these conferences and it's like you
might as well
sort of seance like some new thought
like weird and it's people have bizarre
self-conceptions and it's not
>> often an expression of some honest you
know intellectual understanding of a
thing. It's like their own desire to be
differentiated or or there are a lot of
messianic characters. Uh, you know, you
would think that people covering the
subject are like super altruistic, but
like they're they can be like the
sharkiest, you know, people in the world
and like they're
>> I know from personal experiences.
>> Yeah. It's so weird. So, [laughter] when
you have this is the problem that I I
think I mentioned this secret space
conference that started all this for me.
When you can't get a straight answer on
something, it opens up the field to
anybody who has an imaginary answer.
Right. Right.
>> When you don't have a real answer,
something you can agree on, something
you can rely on, then any Huxster can
come on board and tell you anything, and
you can't disprove it.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
>> No one's out disproving it. I heard wild
stuff during the contact in in the
desert stuff, you know, stuff that I
know is absolutely impossible. But it
doesn't matter because the government,
you know, we don't trust the government,
right? The government's not telling us
the truth. So, it could be possible. It
could be possible we're sending ships to
Europa on a regular basis and we're
we're trade. We have contracts or
contracts with the aliens. That's the
thing that kills me, right? Oh, you
know, Eisenhower or somebody signed a,
you know, a contract with the aliens
back in the 1950s. There's a there's a
there's a directive that it's in place.
I'm thinking, are you [__] kidding
me?
>> In what language is it?
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
>> You know, and who enforces that
contract?
>> Yeah. You know, I've been in business a
long time before I became known for this
stuff. I was doing contract negotiations
in China. You know how difficult that
is? Well, th this is really refreshing
and cool to hear because you you came
close again to like these very high ups
in the government who seem to be as
embedded in the UFO topic as as as
anyone. And so I I am really curious
like what is your so so you think the
the 54 Eisenhower treaty thing is
ridiculous you know
>> face
>> I I'm with I don't have any you know
serious evidence but you know it's like
I've spoken to like Richard Dolan who's
a really smart cool earnest guy not one
of the weird UFO research he's great
he's kind of this legendary you know and
he like lends credence to the MJ12
documents which talk about you know this
and there are certain things in the MJ12
documents that
do somehow know about certain meetings
and doulest diary entries that like no
other source did that came out before
these entries came out later. So,
>> well, don't let me forget then because
you mentioned MJ12.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh, two stories on that short ones. One
is Michael Aquino again. The reason I
brought Aquino up in the first place and
totally forgot about it.
>> Yeah.
>> Was the fact that in our conversations
in our lengthy email back and forth, we
were talking about cryptonms, right? So
MK for MK Ultra, right? So did that mean
mind control? No, of course not. It was
just alphabetically that's where K
showed up, you know, so that's what it
was for. Um, and then you know MJ, the
MJ, you know, krypton. Uh, oh, he says,
"Oh yeah, MJ, we had that in U that was
in Space Command. We use that for
non-aterrestrial biologics, right?"
What? And I said, "What? What are you
talking about?" I said, "Do you realize
what you just said?" He says, "No,
what?" He says, "Haven't you heard about
the MJ12 documents and all this stuff?"
He says, "What you mean UFOs?" I said,
"I don't believe in any of that." He
says, "What we meant by that was
anything that came down like a rocket
ship re-entering our atmosphere, a
meteor or an asteroid or something if
there was organic material on it."
>> Ah,
>> it was non-human biologicals.
>> Ah, whoa. So, like any sort of
hydrocarbons on some weird meteor from,
you know, Mars or something, right? But
not like bodies.
>> But it meant MJ meant nonhuman
biologics.
still and then your mind goes to like
Aino didn't know the real program
because it's somehow like did he would
he have had like you know like the
highest levels of access like
>> I mean I spoke to him
>> cuz your mind then goes to like that's
an awfully crazy coincidence and maybe
MJ12 was
>> this this is the problem that I have
right and I talked to Stanton Freriedman
at the last time that he attended I
think at contact in the desert
>> legendary legendary researcher
>> legendary researcher and promoter of the
MJ12 documents Right. And I sat down
with him just briefly uh and I said,
"Listen, man. I I know all the
controversy about it, but I've done a
lot of research at the archives and a
lot of research at the Library of
Congress. Those documents to me look
real. I mean, whoever went to the work
involved to make them look real as as
this they've been criticized by
different people and then later on not
not so much." I said, "I've looked at
them. My god, did they spend a lot of
work and time and effort to do that. For
what? Nobody made a dime off of it,
right? It wasn't like they were doing it
for money. So, what the hell were they
doing it for? If it is a hoax, by whom
and for what, right? What what did they
gain by it? It's it's now become a kind
of meme.
>> So, you don't think it was a hoax?
>> I see again I I work on evidence. I'm a
real evidence-based person, believe it
or not.
>> And for me, my evidence to me is it's a
really good hoax. If it is a hoax, I'm
in two minds of it. Maybe it's not a
hoax, right? My other point is it could
be a really good hoax. If it's a really
good hoax, Quibono, who benefited, why?
What for? That's the story.
>> Totally. But then if it's not a hoax,
then all of a sudden the 1954, you know,
Eisenhower treaty with aliens.
>> Unless it's a hoax that mentions that to
throw everybody off.
>> Totally. It's hard.
>> That's the hoax, right?
>> So So do you do you feel like you came
out of your interactions with some of
these people? Cuz like TTSA, which you
were involved with, had a lot of really
high up, impressive government people.
You know, you had Jim Semivan, who's
high up at the CIA, seems to be super
knowledgeable about UFOs. You know, even
at his time at the CIA and afterwards,
you have uh Chris Melon, who's deputy
assistant secretary for of defense
intelligence under Clinton and Bush,
been to Area 51 many times. Uh you have
Hal Putoff of course who's you know
Institute of Advanced Study out here in
Austin who just seems to know like every
time you run into a new scientific
accomplishment in the UFO field it's
like he's already there right
>> so you have all these guys who are a
part of this thing and you're
>> I've met all of them
>> and you've met all of them so yeah
you're a part of it as well and so do
you feel like you have a sense of what's
going on after that experience?
>> I had a meeting here in Austin. Okay.
>> Um, couple of years ago, well, must be
longer than that now. Uh, with Tom Dong.
>> Yeah.
>> Chris Melon, Hal Putoff, Jacques Valet,
all in the same room. For me, it was a
thrill because I had never met Hal or
Jacques before. And I had written about
them.
>> Yeah.
>> In various places, but never actually
sat in the same room.
>> And Chris Melon, right, who I met for
the first time. And we sat we were we
spent the entire day here
with masses of documents and papers and
stuff. And Tom was trying to get we had
a a conference room arranged and all of
us were trying to figure out what the
hell was going on with the UFO thing and
we have all these guys here together to
brainstorm this, right? Try
brainstorming this
with three guys who have NDAs and
security clearances up the ass and they
cannot talk to you about anything.
Right.
>> So now you're in a room with them
>> and you're trying to weedle out of them
>> something.
>> You got to like read their eyes or
whatever.
>> Yeah, exactly. You're trying to look at
body language. I mean it's like like,
>> you know, what are we doing here? Right?
>> And so we're trying our best, you know,
but they're all very, you know,
>> and we would get close to something and
we get some good information. I would
write scribbling like mad. I have all
those notes, right? Just scribbling on
the the notes of this thing. What are we
talking about? What is this? Even some,
you know, just little bits and pieces of
extraneous information might be
valuable. So I write that down. What
color paper was it? I write that. So
we're doing all of this and we're
spending the whole day there. I think
Valet may have mentioned it even in his
last latest latest book. Maybe he
mentioned it in passing. [snorts] And
you know, we're we're trying to get to
to the bottom of this thing, but
what was really important were the
things they did not say, could not say,
and refused to say. So, we would ask a
question about
Skinwalker Ranch. That was the one that
sticks out of my memory.
We asked about something concerning
Skinwalker Ranch and an appearance at
Skinwalker Ranch and the equipment that
was there picking up the the stuff,
right? I think John Alexander writes
about these things peripherally and
other people do. We ask about it. They
all got silent. They suddenly all
stopped talking. Chris, Hal, Jacques
said nothing. And then Hal finally
looked around and said, "Well, we need a
skiff for this one." And that was all he
had to say.
>> Skinwalker
>> for skinwalker.
>> Why?
>> And he wouldn't say nobody would say
>> TV show for God's sakes on the History
Channel.
>> Yeah.
>> But Skinwalker Ranch became this thing
we don't it was fight club and suddenly
we don't talk about it. Right. So that
stunned me. I wrote I copied I said oh
my god we can't talk about skinwalker.
not about skinwalker in general but
something very specific about skinwalker
right about the the the equipment they
were using and what they were what they
were tracking and what they were what in
what data they had collected I think was
how the conversation started and I think
that's where the the suddenly this
everybody went quiet so there was
something happening at skinwalker
>> any other notable omissions
>> nothing nothing particularly unnotable
we would try to act ask blatant
questions like you know how many how
many captured you know spacecraft do you
have how many saucers are there? You
know, so they would just sort of look
and shrug and kind of, you know, not
answer it. And then like we were not
being serious or something. We tried
another attack. We tried another attack.
We spent the whole day. I'm talking, we
had lunch, we kept on going. We spent
the whole day here in Austin doing
exactly that and getting basically not
very close except
maybe for the impression that we all got
that Tom and I definitely got and I
think the impression they wanted us to
get
was that this was serious business.
This was not like idle curiosity on the
part of the people in government or
industry who were involved in this. This
was something very serious that we were
they were they were it was being taken
very seriously by people who had very
serious credentials and that the
the security clearances for this
information was stratospheric and that
you you really and and kind of an
indication as to how classifications
work, you know, and how how difficult it
is to penetrate certain types of
classifications. like we're we're kind
of think there's secret, there's top
secret, not much else. But there's a lot
of of gray areas, right? And a lot of
abuse of the classification system as
well, but there's just a lot of a lot of
gray areas where this is concerned. And
things can be classified just because,
you know, person A tells person B and
person B tells no one else and that's as
far as it goes, right? So sometimes
that's that's the classification. You
know, you can't get unless you have the
right words, the right clearances
yourself, know the right things to say
to the right people, you don't get the
right information. And
the re the reverse of that, what that
really means to me as a researcher
myself is that they themselves don't
know what the hell is going on. If
things are that classified,
>> yeah,
>> there's only who knows then.
>> Then that means there's a whole bunch of
scientists and researchers who could be
working on this problem on this problem
who are not,
>> you know, people that we need to be
focused on this are not because they
don't have the clearances because they
smoke dope when they were 17 maybe and
can't get the clearance, right? or
whatever it is, whatever kind of weird
cockamab regulations they have for this
or they can't get fluttered every year,
you know, with the lie detectors to
determine, you know, did you do this,
did you do that? I mean, the way they
conduct clearance investigations, right,
at CIA or any place else, it's really
tough to do, right? So then you got to
go higher than that, higher than that,
higher than that. You have to go need to
know, right? So there's need to know
type of clearance. Are you need to know?
Are you read in because you're need to
know? And it gets stifying. So, at a
certain point, you've got people who
should be working on this who I'm sure
are not working on it. And that's the
problem. If they do know something, it
ain't much. I don't think there is a lot
that they know.
>> I think I think they have evidence, they
don't know what to do with it.
>> The the the blind men touching the
elephant, I think, is a really good
analogy. Touching different parts of an
elephant. Their the left hand's not
talking to the right. It's not
coordinated. All of a sudden you have a
multipolar world and tensions are rising
and the impetus to figure out whatever
is going on probably increases but
simultaneously at the highest levels you
can't really admit
>> right
>> that you have no idea. It's like the
Havana syndrome stuff where it's like
they wouldn't talk about it for the
longest time because they didn't really
understand what was going on and I don't
think there was a great defense against
it.
>> Um so
>> well what do you do when you have
somebody like you mentioned Jim Semigan,
right?
>> Yeah. Jim Seivian comes out and
blatantly openly talks about a kind of
an abduction experience
>> that he and his wife
>> that he and his wife had.
>> I mean, here's somebody very high up at
CIA at the time,
>> right?
And this happens. What are the security
implications?
>> Yeah.
>> Just stop right there. Just stop right
there. Everybody listening, stop right
there. A high-ranking member of CIA is
abducted by an alien.
>> Yeah.
>> Or has that experience
>> and I think it was fairly traumatic. I
think his very traumatic his wife had a
>> and his wife had a traumatic
>> particularly bad experience. Yeah.
>> What are the security implications of
that?
>> Yeah,
>> that's the story he hasn't told. I'm
sure he will never tell.
>> I mean, we know he was visited by people
from the government, right? This he he
pretty much is open about that. But then
it dies. The story dies after that. What
do you do? How do you handle that? What
how do you write up your report? Who
sees that report? Who acts on that
report? What are your recommendations
based on that report? Think about it in
terms of government. Think about it in
terms of the intelligence agencies, the
military. How do you handle that
information? What do you do if you're in
that position? What do you do? How do
you handle it?
>> Well, totally. And I think it's a really
tricky problem. You probably try to do
what they did through to the stars
academy where you try to let the thing
out through like
>> you do what media you do what you can or
whatever. And you know, have you ever
read the book Crypto's Conundrum? Are
you familiar with that?
>> I I haven't started it yet.
>> Lincoln is responsible. Yeah, he
recommended it to me, too. It's uh by
Chase Brandon, who's this that's a
pseudonym. He's the CIA liaison to
Hollywood.
>> And it's remarkable because the only
reason I bring it up is because you have
this kind of committee that's
responsible for like timeline
management,
>> right? And it's like these top kind of
intel guys and I think it comes out of
the OSS actually this committee and um
these beings sort of paranormally show
up to everybody on the committee like
independently and coordinate them
together in a way
>> through like synchronicity engineering
or something
>> and you read books like that or
childhood's end by Arthur C. Clark
>> and you you start to ask questions like
around like if these things are
happening at the highest levels of
government,
what are the coordination systems above
the government itself that are like
bringing these people together? Of
course, you're not going to want to
disclose that any of that is happening
if it is happening. And it all of a
sudden you you you move from this
conversation of like, oh, the government
needs to disclose. It needs to disclose
what it know like it knows everything to
this way more nuanced interesting
conversation where like the government's
full of people. Civilians are people.
You have just as much access to they,
you know, maybe they have some, you
know, they have like nuclear
capabilities and the UFOs show up more
there. They have aerospace stuff and so
there are implications on UFOs for that.
But outside of like a couple of like
asymmetric data points, they're humans
and you're humans and that uh the
whatever these NHI are are like wielding
all sorts of like power flying around
their airspace with impunity there. And
so you got to stop looking for like
quote unquote big D disclosure. Like
it's not happening. Um, if anything,
it's like these pockets of knowledge and
they're probably learning from as much
of the open source stuff as like
civilian researchers are. And at best,
you have vital institutional
substructures with some hermetic weird
knowledge or something of the phenomena.
But like,
>> yeah, the idea that it's like, you know,
held on high is ridiculous.
>> I 100% agree with that. That's that's
the point we've been trying to make in
our our books and our presentations as
well. you are the disclosure. You know,
you are part of the disclosure.
To believe that if there's NHI
that they're only going to talk to
generals in the US government,
>> right,
>> or the president is come on.
>> Like they care about any of that.
>> As if they know or care have any frame
of reference for it at all, right?
>> Why would they? They're attracted to all
the troop movements for obvious reasons.
Weird shit's going on. Let's take a
look. Right.
>> Yeah. It seems like they're attracted to
that and then it seems like they're
attracted to people who achieve peak
states of consciousness and you you have
people like Bledsoe and stuff where like
I I believe a lot of these stories and
so but I think they're thinking about
criteria that are not the human criteria
of status and achievement.
>> You know that's the point we make in our
books. You know we stop looking for this
anthropomorphizing of the alien, right?
We're giving them human qualities and
human ideas. We think they must of
course they'll want to talk to the
president. Why?
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> And of course there's a contract. How is
there a contract?
>> Yeah.
>> We can't even discuss among ourselves
and understand what we're talking about.
How are we talking to an alien? You know
how hard it is to translate to Chinese a
business contract? I mean, you know, we
can't solve that problem yet, right?
>> There there's there's all kinds of of
vagueness in in between all all of our
languages. We're not comfortable with
it. We're not comfortable with each
other's, you know, skin color for crying
out loud. We're we're still fighting
those fights after all these years.
>> What if an NHI shows up?
>> It's
>> they don't care. Suddenly all of our
problems, you know, that famous book,
the bell curve, they try to show, you
know, different kinds of racial
characteristics. This race is better
than this race or something. Yeah. In
the face of the alien, the curve is
flat. We're all pretty much in the same
boat, right? The alien is something
other. That's the whole definition of
this, right? It's not human. So, it
doesn't care. It doesn't care about your
politics. It doesn't care about your
organizations. It doesn't care about
your belief systems. It cares about none
of that. None of that. Doesn't care
about your language. None of that is
relevant. Right. So on that note, are
aliens related to biblical conceptions
of angels and demons because I I I I
agree with you. Like I think these
conversations are really hard to have if
you're just a human being. And it's
funny to see like you'll see Shawn Ryan
going Tucker Carlson and the UFO thing
will come up and Shawn Ryan will go you
know I think it's spiritual and then
like Tucker Carlson was like I think
it's spiritual too and it's just like
they're forcefitting and then you you
ask them one more question right what's
an angel and what's a demon they'll have
no idea what these things are and there
are you know thinkers historical
religious thinkers um like you know
Lincoln likes to bring up you know
there's some others with you know St.
Thomas Quinus with taxonomies,
hierarchies of angels and demons.
>> Do you think what people experience
today in the form of quote unquote
extraterrestrial visitation are actually
the angels and demons from the Bible?
>> Can you define your terms, please?
[laughter]
>> I don't know what I'm talking about.
>> Okay. Basically, there are very few
angels. Yeah.
>> And very few demons in the Bible.
>> That's a misconception, right? We think
it's full of angels and demons, and
actually it's not. Well, what about that
book on principalities and you know what
I'm talking about?
>> We think we know what that word means,
but as we find with biblical
scholarship, we really don't like
keruvium, right? We think we know what
that means, right?
>> And we have this the English word
cherub, which has no relationship at
all, right? To the original term. So,
it's been balarized a great deal. The
Keruian were actually beings, right?
They were had wings and they might have
been quasi spiritual. Calling them
angels might have been a bit of a
misnomer. The seven ranks of angels came
later. Saraphim, carobim, etc., etc.,
angels, archangels, and all the rest.
That's like a later development, right?
But in in terms of purely biblical
origins, I don't think we have much in
the way. The devil really doesn't show
up.
>> You know, the adversary shows up
shows up. Yeah.
>> But we we call that the devil, but
that's not really his role. He's really
a lawyer
>> for the for the prosecution right
>> in in God's court saying I can prove
that this guy is you know not reliable.
Is Lucifer not the most luminous like
god's favorite angel who then sort of
you know
>> according to later texts right Lucifer
means the light the one who bears light
the lightbearing one
>> and going back to Bvoski Lucifer was
like her main man right
>> so they called the l the lucistus trust
right and there's Lucifer it's all
entwined with this concept but Lucifer
was the shining angel
>> so this is the
>> Prometheus basically
>> yes so and this this thing keeps coming
up Lucifer Lucas Trust like like there's
this VP of um space systems at Loheed
Martin. This guy Jim Ryder. Have you
heard of him?
>> Oh yeah.
>> So he it seems like he was part of some
sort of legacy UFO program because you
have congressional hearings where
everybody's talking about and David Gush
talks about this, Alzando talks about
this, George Knapp testified in front of
Congress about this. This seems like if
there's any sort of commonplace
knowledge in modern contemporary UFO,
you know, stories,
>> this transfer of UFO material from
Loheed Martin using some sort of uh
special access program to Bigalow
Aerospace. And this was headed up by a
guy named Jim Ryder, his VP of space
systems at Loy Martin. He was speaking
at this event for Lucus Trust which is
this publishing house around like really
esoteric
weird knowledge and he's talking about
davas and fairies and angels and he's
talking about I think it's called
garment of the god and he's talking
about almost like um like things are
becoming unveiled like you know the
apocalypse is starting or something
>> and you know he talks about
parasychology and he says you know and
in all these other countries you
It's not stigmatized, but because we
live in the west, you know, the mind
matter connection is supposed to be this
totally, you know, you're supposed to be
the mind is supposed to be totally
separate from matter,
>> right?
>> And it's this VP of at Loheed Martin.
>> Yeah.
>> So, what's going on there?
>> And not VP of human resources.
>> No, he's not [laughter] VP of HR.
Exactly.
>> So, yeah,
you can't I I think I think it's it's
it's happened everywhere. It's happened
in Congress also. They start to get wind
of some of this and their fallback
position is Angels and Demons, right?
They're they're frightened of it. It's
been this way since the 70s. There have
been attempts to get the UFO field
acknowledged at least in Congress that
we have to do something. We have to at
least study it. And it's been blocked by
groups who felt it that God does not
want us to do this. This is in Congress.
This is why I wrote Sinister Forces,
right? Because every time I turn around,
we think we're getting close to
something and a bunch of religious
fanatics come out of the woodwork and
say, "No, no, you can't look at that.
That's that's off, you know."
>> So, there's there's this rumor of the
Collins Elite, this like evangelical
Christian group that does this. Do do
you know anything about them? Because
they're written about by Nick Redford.
Nick Redford, but I don't know how real
it is.
>> Yeah. I This is the problem with these
groups. It's like you you it's like
trying to come up with, you know, do
they have meetings and they have
membership cards. I think it's it's a
question of people forming uh informal
groups in Congress uh in the military in
intelligence um to put a religious spin
on this and to to promote a a religious
agenda at the expense of the scientific
one. Um I was appalled a couple of years
ago to hear how the Air Force Academy uh
in Colorado was training, you know,
their people in in religious studies,
right? and a very sort of narrow view of
religious studies. They wanted people to
understand that these are our enemies
and these are the good guys and all the
rest of it. And it was being taught by
some really rabid sort of um rabid
anti-Islamists for instance or people
like that. It's like why are we doing
this? Why are we trying to this this
there's no room for this. It doesn't
make any sense, right? It's as if we're
trying to set up the crusades, you know?
It's like why are we why are we
bothering to do this? Do you think that
in the government there are any sort of
formal groups concerned with esquetology
and I don't think they're formal
revelation or the apocalypse or anything
like that?
>> I don't think they're formal. I think
they're these are groups that come
together and kind of break apart after a
while because of differences of opinion
on things. I think they had prayer
breakfasts and that kind of thing. They
they get together and they talk about
>> Doug Co.
>> Yep.
>> Yeah.
>> So there's a whole story there, I
suppose. But from my point of view, I
don't think these groups are as as, you
know, hardwired as we like to think. I
think they're just general attitudes.
And the general attitudes are kind of
contagious sometimes. And people come on
board and they say, "Yes, we can't talk
about UFOs." Or like the famous um event
mentioned in John Alexander's book. Um
was it Ben Rich that he talked about a
guy at Lockheed?
>> Yeah. I mean, Ben Rich said some
remarkable stuff.
>> No. Yeah, Ben Rich said something else.
This was somebody else then. Ben Rich
was kind of pro. This guy was conh and
he said, "No, we don't you're not
supposed to learn about this. This is
what you learn about when you die."
>> And this was a this was a an engineer in
charge of technology, right? And he was
says, "We're not supposed to talk about
this." He said this in front of John
Alexander, I believe. This is what you
learn when you die.
>> But I I struggle with this question
because the Prometheian myth doesn't end
well. He ends with his liver getting
pecked at right for eternity. And if you
look at, you know, modern versions of
Prometheus or even the story of FA or
whatever, usually blows up on the person
going for the forbidden knowledge. And
so I struggle with it because obviously
per this show I'm attracted to learning
sort of offbeat knowledge and you know
things that are
>> uh you know not not well known by you
know sort of conventional circles or
whatever. But then there's
>> a part of me where I'm like is is that
sort of a treacherous are you sort of
signing up for you know something bad?
by by by doing that. I mean, you you
seem to like, you know, be in pretty
good health and you've lived a good long
life and so [laughter and gasps] so but
but like how do you reconcile those two
things? Cuz I, you know, I interview,
you know, this guy Jason Resa Georgiani.
Yeah. like he's a big fan of the
Prometheian, you know, and he calls
himself a Satanist because he's on the
side of the rebel angels or whatever,
but and I I found him to be extremely
intellectually generative, but I
disagreed with him on the most
fundamental stuff. Like I do believe in
good and bad, and I do I kind of believe
in the FA version of all of this stuff.
>> So, where does that leave us? Well, I I
I watched some of the Georgian Johnny
episode because I was, you know, I know
about Georgiani from before and I
wondered what he was going to say in
this context, you know, and he kind of
lived up to my expectations.
>> Um, I don't want to say anything
negative about people you've had on
obviously, but I do disagree with with
Georgian's basic premises. I'm not a
traditionalist and I think that's where
the that's where the danger comes in.
That's the back door to all of this is
traditionalism. And traditionalism is a
thing. It's like a very concrete concept
that there was a golden age that had all
this information that knew everything
that life was so much better and we have
to get back to that golden age. We have
to because this age sucks. Therefore,
the golden age was better. And I think
Georgiani from everything I've heard and
what he's read about, what he's written,
what he's talked about, seems to me to
be firmly in in the traditionalist camp.
Um
I have a big problem with
traditionalism. like a lot of people are
traditionalists in this field. Renee
Gayon is a very famous uh you know uh
person who started all of this and you
have Julius Iola famously was a Nazi um
and remained so to the end of his days.
>> Uh you have a lot of these people who
were I thought was he of Nazi? He was a
year fascist in um Italy.
>> He was your fascist
>> but then he was I thought he was
arrested by the Nazis and then they were
like are you a fascist and he said I'm a
superfascist or something. [laughter]
>> No, he stayed with the SS till the end
of the war.
>> Oh interesting. He had access to their
libraries and they let him have it.
>> Okay. Yeah.
>> And so he did that and then after the
war he was he was proud of his
background with the SS. He talked about
he was part of the the underground sort
of Hitler thing that was going on. So I
didn't know that.
>> Yeah. But anyway, so this is this is
traditionalism to me. This is like we're
going to go back to that golden age
where everybody knew their place, you
know, and my my question always has been
to the traditionalists, what happened
then? If it was such a great golden age
and you had all the answers, what
happened? Why are we here now?
>> Yeah.
>> And there's no real answer for that.
They blame again other people.
>> Well, it's often like Ganon and Evil
would base their thinking off of Eastern
thought actually in the the Yuga periods
and
>> the Caluga is the current period. And so
you get this decline of you know Western
civilization. But
>> then what do you do about that?
>> The prior yugas you would live to like
you know a thousand years and you know
>> so [snorts] why are we talking about
advanced technology? Do you see my point
is why are we talking even talking about
it we have no control over the Kaliuga
if that's in fact what's going on.
>> Yeah. Well, he wrote a book Evola called
Ride the Tiger which is like all you
know you got to like ride modernity and
like I mean the whole thing it's like
there are all these logical fallacies in
it but it's very you know
>> that's
when ideology gets involved and it gets
really messy. But from my point of view
the the traditionalists don't have an
answer to that fundamental question.
>> Yeah.
>> And not everybody would consider those
ages golden ages. There are a lot of
people who suffered under those regimes
because these were regimes for elitists.
These were elite regimes. They did well,
right, when everybody else suffered. And
so I don't want to go back to any of
those golden ages. I think that the
knowledge that they had that we're
always moaning about and saying how
great it was. We already have it. It's
all around us. We've got it in our
hands. We don't know how to use it. We
don't know how to look at it. You know,
we're we're too divided in so many
different ways. you know, culturally,
academically, uh, linguistically, even
politically, certainly, all of these
things are are there to make everything
very messy. But, um, the knowledge is
there. It's never gone away. It's it's
always been there. It's always been
accessible. I don't want to go to a
golden age. I want to go towards a
golden age if possible, right? I think
that is possible. But I think it's going
to take some work and it's going to take
individuals uh, coming to terms with the
fact that all of these ideologies are
not very useful. There is a new age
possible, you know, because we see it in
ourselves as individuals. We know we can
make our individual understandings
better, our individual lives better.
It's just that guy next door who's a
pain in the ass, right?
>> Totally. Well, you know that there's a
Saurin Kirkagard quote that I think it's
like life is not a question to be
answered, but a reality to be
experienced. Right.
>> And I feel like maybe the hubris of UFO
quote unquote research or esoteric
research is that it is a question to be
answered. You're looking for some
Archimedian point
>> of revelation. You see the ark of the
covenant and boom, you have all
knowledge and it's inside your brain and
you're you're upgraded or whatever and
you have this the special power and that
just uh
>> I don't know that seems like a sort of
fallacy like you think it is a
>> it is a fallacy.
>> Okay. I think we are in the process
we're in a constant process of discovery
>> right there is no one discovery to be
made that's going to settle everything.
So then what is the role of curiosity?
Like if if
>> both you and I are taking these sort of
quests where we're trying to find like
all this like interesting offbeat
knowledge or whatever.
>> I find it interesting like some some UFO
researchers they'll just like
>> like there's this guy Scott Crane who
met with this guy Eric Walker who he
thought was in the Majestic 12, right?
>> And Scott Crane had this
>> he just converted to Christianity,
became hardcore Christian and like
forgot about the whole thing. And so do
you think UFO research is is like this
like quicksotic ciruitous
thing and then you and then you learn
the truth and you're like because you're
looking for confirmation of God. It's
like a gnostic quest where you're like
poking the bear as much as you can to
get like God to show himself to you or
something. And then but then once once
that happens then you just end up like
you know wanting to tend tend to your
garden and be be nice to your neighbor.
>> Yeah. Well,
yeah, the UFO field and the UFO
phenomenon as I've come to know it, uh,
the last, you know, 10, 15 years or so,
[snorts] they haven't yet defined what
it is they're looking for. They don't
know, right? So, when you talk to a
euphologist,
there's the general breakdown between
the the nuts andbolts guys and the
consciousness guys, let's call them for
a better word. But that's not even it,
right? You take the nuts and bolts guys
and you push them a little bit and they
don't know what they're looking for. I
mean, we had um uh one of them working
for us at at To the Stars, right?
>> Yeah.
>> Steve Justice, right?
>> And here was a guy who who would know
where the bodies are buried, right?
>> Yeah.
>> And um he didn't know. He he really
wanted to know how those saucers flew.
>> Wow.
>> That's what he told me. He says, "I want
to know how they do it."
>> But is he simultaneously saying we have
the saucers in our possession?
>> He's not saying that.
>> Interesting. Right. He says, "But I want
to know how they do it."
>> And then you guys had some material as
part of To the Stars Academy as well.
Yeah. Do you So where where do you think
that material came from?
>> Yeah. Well, that's there's a long
history behind it and a long history in
front of it on the other side. At this
point, I don't know what's going on. We
know that we were getting close to
something. We were developing
relationships with the military with
their laboratories
>> to do the kind of testing only they
could do.
>> And then COVID hit.
>> When COVID hit, all the relationship
with the military really stopped. M they
apologized. They said nothing else we
can do. We're being told we're going to
cut this down. Cut this down. Cut this
down. So they cut down almost everything
they were going to do with us. I think
maybe everything that they were doing
with us at that point after that. I
don't I lost track of the of the trail
of where that was going,
>> you know. Um but that's that's something
that fell out in the desert somewhere
out in the west.
>> I think I think it I think it originally
went through art bell maybe or something
or somebody gave it to him.
>> Arts parts.
>> Yeah, Arts Parts maybe. Something like
that. and it wound its way eventually to
Tom.
>> Did you touch the material?
>> No, I didn't touch it myself.
>> Okay. Do you see it at all or No. Okay.
>> It's so fascinating.
>> And then you have a really interesting
connection with Bob Lazar, which is you
worked at the same company that he did.
>> Very remote connection, but it was
there. I happened to meet Bob Lazar for
the first time when we started this
whole project
>> and George Knapp and together. And
>> everybody has all these theories about
Lazar, you know. Uh, I found the
questioning by Knap of Lazar was very
artful and Lazar was just stuck to his
story. I mean, if this was a cop show,
you'd think he was telling the truth.
You know what I mean? So, I guess you
have to be a very good interrogator to
know if he was telling the truth or not.
>> What does your gut say on Lazar?
>> Lazar.
I saw the original broadcast when it
happened with George Knapp and Bob Lazar
of Area about Area 51, but no one knew
what that meant. And I'm watching this
thing and I'm transfixed by this. I
mean, that's indelible to me. That one
moment when that happened. And
Area 51 obviously was real. There's no
doubt about that. And Lazar, the thing
that makes me kind of believe Lazar is
something kind of personal to me. And
that is at one point his badge showed
Bendix, field engineering division. And
that like blew my brain away because I
worked for Bendix. I worked with the
Menus Corporation in the 1970s. Uh
almost six, seven years in the 1970s
until I think 79 or or 1980. Um so for a
long time I worked for their
international division and the
international division was located in
Manhattan on Broadway of all places on
the 13th floor of a office building
which is really weird because they don't
have 13 floors but ours did. And so
we're on floor 13 and the field
engineering division was legendary to us
because number one they had very good
field engineers but number two the real
reason is they were a front when CIA or
somebody wanted to send somebody abroad
under cover as a knock you know
nonofficial cover they would use Bendix
field engineering services that was
perfect because you're an engineer it
could be anything and so you have an
engineering you know uh cover and then
you're going there has that cover. When
Watergate happened, I was working for
Bendix at the time and um
our whole division went absolutely nuts
because of all the stuff we had on
paper. So suddenly the the the shredders
are operating overtime, right? Wow.
>> And a lot of it had to do with the field
engineering services because it came out
that we were training troops in Saudi
Arabia.
>> What the hell was Bendix Field
Engineering doing? Training troops in
Saudi Arabia.
>> Crazy. Wait, but you you weren't
involved in any of the intelligence
activities.
>> No, no, no. I was just some I was just a
guy working there, right?
>> Okay.
>> But I my ears and eyes are open, right?
>> And so all of this is going on. So field
engineering for us was was the red flag.
We knew what that meant. And then when I
saw Lazar's ID briefly in one book,
there was a photo. There was a copy of
it and I saw it and I said, "Holy [__]
Lazar worked for Bendix Field
Engineering. That was his cover then. He
didn't really work for them.
>> This was a cover. If it was a cover, he
was there for some other reason."
>> Oh. So, do you think you think he was
Intel or something before he was what
what years were this
>> that Lazar was?
>> Yeah, it was
>> this was after me. So, I don't know.
>> I think the I think the broadcast uh
with NAP was after me. I don't know if
he was at I don't know if he was at Area
51 while I was at Bendix or not. I left
Bendix in 79, I think. So, I don't know
if he was at Bendix or if he had that ID
in the 80s. if he did that after
>> it must have been before his Area 51
experience,
>> right?
>> But that's a huge data point. If you're
saying that uh being a field int field
engineering officer as part of Bendix is
often
>> often not always
>> associated with intelligence,
>> right?
>> And he was in that group before working
for Area 51 ostensibly, right? Because
you don't blow the whistle in Area 51
and then get a job in the field
engineering. No. So that's pretty
interesting is a data point.
>> Yeah.
>> Wow.
>> But that's all it is at this point. You
know, you have to kind of figure out
what does that mean?
>> But to you that lent credibility to his
>> that led credibility to to Lazar if only
because I knew there was more going on
than you know they were saying.
>> Sure.
>> You know, so if if Lazar is not
mentioning he he didn't he might have
been under an NDA. It might have been a
security thing for him not to mention
Bendix. But then again, maybe it was
just a fluke. Maybe he really, you know,
had that tag for some legitimate reason
that I, as in my lowly position at
Bendix would never have known, you know,
but I just know that during Watergate,
it was an issue. Field engineering
especially was an issue. And Bendix had
people all over the world in other
positions not having to do with field
engineering that got the traction of
local uh governments that didn't like
them. We had a guy, we lost a guy in
Uruguay, uh was captured by the
Tupamaros
um right out of his office and I believe
he was killed. So Bendix was always on
the radar of of governments overseas
that saw Bendix as the far the the the
long arm of the US government because we
had a lot of defense contracts. Well, if
you shake out pro on the Lazar story,
then all of a sudden that allows for
saucers and hangers, physical material.
Not only physical material, actual
crafts in the possession of the United
States military. I mean, Hal Putoff also
went on Joe Rogan a few months ago and
said, "We have 15 crash craft in our
possession." Like, he's literally gave
like a number.
>> It's just it's interesting.
>> The thing is that, you know, I don't
know how well.
>> Yeah. We've exchanged emails and of
course he was part of to the stars and I
met him here
but I've covered how for a long time. He
doesn't say stuff like that.
>> So why did he say it on Rogan?
>> The reason I think he said it is either
it's actually true.
>> Yeah.
>> Because hell never hell never
exaggerated anything as far as I know.
He was very cautious kind of guy almost
to the point where you wanted to shake
him and say tell me really but he would
be very cautious about things but he
would deal in really weird science right
really weird stuff to be dealt with
>> weird science
>> so when he comes out and says something
like that how of all people said it then
I sit back and say holy [__] you know
>> and I saw that and I said to myself wow
how is saying this he's what is he
saying
>> yeah he's extremely interesting he's
told me that like he he finds that
synchronicities kind of lead his, you
know, innovation that like he he kind of
follows the signs and then like he'll
find, you know, all sorts of interesting
insights around around that just like,
you know, chasing things down, which is
again the common thread going back to
the top about reality being sort of
orchestrated on a higher level or
whatever just, you know, but it's I
think it the UFO thing feels like a
even like more concentrated version of
that somehow.
>> I think the UFO thing is our the the big
piece of evidence that leads us into all
these directions. I think the UFO
phenomenon is there for that reason. You
know, it's there to say, "Look,
>> open your freaking eyes and look, right?
>> Maybe it's a ghost. Maybe I'm a ghost,
right? Maybe I'm a demon. Maybe I'm an
angel. Maybe I'm an alien. I'm
something. But I'm something. I'm there.
I'm having an interaction with you. What
does that mean?" M
>> that's why we we at in the to the stars
books in secret machines we kind of
emphasize this aspect is that open your
eyes and look this means something the
consciousness aspect people say well is
that really the most important part it's
the only part
>> it's how we're reacting to this
>> our entire society now is reacting to
this information in a certain way people
are saying no it's crazy no it's
nonsense people are saying it's angels
it's demons it's space aliens it's from
another dimension whatever we're we're
we're throwing everything at the wall to
see what sticks But it's something
there. There's a wall there and it's
inviting us to throw stuff at it. What
is that wall? You know, and if we only
talk to ourselves, we're never going to
get there. We've got to talk to that
shaman on the Oronoko River to find out
what that is, too. We've got to talk to
everybody because the input is
important. The language is important.
They're using different words to
describe these things, right? They're
using different words to describe what
they saw in Brazil. They're using
different concepts. The ones what they
saw in at the Ariel and in Africa,
right? The kids are seeing things and
even the kids, their stories don't match
all the time, right? They're seeing
little things, big things. They're
talking about different sizes and
shapes. That's data. That's not We don't
discard that while they're just kids.
That's data because it matches the data
that adults are seeing all the time.
Right? If you had to extend a message to
a young person watching this or
listening to this right now and they're
hearing this and their brain is, you
know, being sort of scrambled by, you
know, the like, yeah, history is not
what you think, you know, all these
interesting facts around the JFK
assassination,
>> government and their knowledge of UFOs,
uh, you know, um, uh, forbidden texts,
you know, all everything we've just
discussed. How how would you advise they
kind of incorporate or integrate some of
these things into their into their
worldview and kind of a you know a
productive way a healthy way. Number
one, I'd look for what you can prove.
And that starts from the basic things
like did so and so really say that,
right? So you find where that person
said that. And I know in this day day
and age of artificial intelligence, it's
becoming harder and harder. But you can
look at documents, look at the stuff
that's released that's open source
that's already there. Um Harry Reid was
once asked by a journalist, uh, you
know, what do you what do you recommend?
How do we start this study of the of the
UFO? What do we begin? And Harry Ree
says, 'What are you talking about? It's
all already there. All the information
is there. You've got it already. It's
already in print. All you have to do is
read it. All you have to do is look. The
information is there already. Yeah.
>> We're just We have so many biases in our
brains that we're blocking certain
information from being understood. So
look at everything, right? Look at the
look at the sane stuff, right? First
look at the documents. Look at the stuff
that's released by FBI or CIA or the
Defense Department. You can sort of
start from there because everybody's
going to kind of agree on the facts that
this letter was written by this guy at
this time that you can kind of base the
beginning on and then you go from there,
right? Somebody says something, somebody
interprets this document a certain way.
Can they be trusted? Is their
interpretation sound? Does it make
sense? Always start from the does it
make sense part because you're going to
lose that pretty early pretty early on.
But in the beginning at least things
will start to make sense or they will
seem to make sense and then soon they'll
start not to make sense anymore. When
they start not to make sense when you
start to hear contradictory things
coming from different places.
It's really good to maintain a sense of
humor about it. Don't take it too
seriously. Don't take the the the
completely combating positions the the
positions at at uh opposite ends. Don't
take it as um written in stone. These
are also malible positions. They can be
changed, right? The person expressing
them so vehemently today may give up and
say, "Tomorrow I was wrong." It's
possible. So don't put too much worth
emphasis on it, but read it, understand
it, listen to it, try to figure out, do
any of these points of view make sense,
or do I need to take two of these and
three of those? Right? Do I need to put
them together in a different way to get
at the truth? Don't invest, I would say,
your soul into this so much at first,
right? You're going to be really
attracted on a soul basis. It's going to
be fascinating. It's emotionally
attractive because it's talking about
weird stuff. And there's a lot of movies
out, you know, that really harp on all
of this and sort of expand on these
possibilities. They're all kind of
valuable. They're entertaining. They're
not telling you the truth necessarily,
not the way you think they are. They
could be telling you the truth in a
different way. It needs analysis.
If you're a film stu school student, you
know what I'm talking about, right?
You'll watch a film and you'll sort of
break it down and de you know, uh I was
going to say deconstruct it. I don't
know if that's popular anymore, but
you're going to take it apart in pieces.
You're going to look at it and say,
"What did what was really being said
here, right? What's what's happening
over there?" It doesn't mean you have to
look at David Lynch for 24 hours a day.
I I feel for you. I do that. Okay. Look
what it's done to me. But that's and
that's an obvious way, too. Lynch has
something to say about all of this. Very
much so. Lynch is an open door to a lot
of what's going on in this community.
It's just he never really went out so
much and said that. But his route was
transcendental meditation, right? TM
formed his way of approaching this and
look what he came up with. So there's a
reason there's a way you might want to
copy, you know, something like that.
Something relatively benign such as
transcendental meditation or something
like that to give yourself a kind of
grounding in this because what's going
to happen? You're going to become
intellectually infatuated by a subject,
but your emotions will be a mess and
your spiritual self, let's call it, is
left holding the bag. What you have to
do is kind of integrate these things
because when you step back from a
subject, when you sleep on it,
revelations happen. When you step away
from it for a while, you go take a walk
and that walk could be for a couple of
hours or a couple of years. You come
back to it later. Suddenly, you see it
in a whole new light. You have more
information. you have more things to
bring to the table because now you have
human experience as well. You have your
experience with the world and now you
can look at things a bit more clearly
with a bit more nuance and try to
deconstruct a situation that way. I
found that's helped me a lot. It's
helped me in dealing with people because
people lie to you all the time, right?
And they do it sometimes unconsciously.
They do it without knowing they're
lying. They're telling you on truths
that they think are truths, but because
they're so believable, you believe them.
And that's also a problem, you know. Is
there truth really truth? I know it's
getting really philosophical at this
point.
>> No, it's great.
>> We're losing our our way here.
>> Well, I'll give you my my final final
question,
>> okay?
>> Which is no. And that was all really
sage advice and well said in my opinion
and and things I grapple with, you know,
being being in the topic where I'm still
incorporating stuff that I'm like, I
don't know if this is true. This is, you
know, things mess with your mind all the
time. But um what about somebody
contemplating getting into some of these
celestial ascent practices that you
write about like um you know if you're
interested in mera kava or or cababala
and you hear that like you know it's not
something that you should necessarily
seek out it should seek you.
>> So but maybe you're starting to get
signs that like you know this is
something that is for you. What what do
you what do you do at that point?
>> Well there's a couple of things. It
depends on your own background. like um
for instance if you come from a very I
would say a very not strict necessarily
but a conventional Jewish background
meava mysticism is one of those systems
right it may you may find it culturally
easier to understand
um although the strictctures against you
doing it by Jewish authorities is very
strong no one will recommend it to you
no rabbi will say hey you should try
celestial ascent try merkaba you know
stuff no they're not going to tell you
that so you have to be understand that
that's going to a problem, but you may
find that some of the technology, some
of the wording, some of the ideas are
more compatible, right? That's just a
cultural thing. Um, if you're Chinese,
obviously there's Shanqing Dawism. The
texts are available uh in Chinese and
and in English as well, many of them uh
for what for what they are worth for
you. Um, but there's not many teachers
left. There are a few uh mostly on
Taiwan. Uh, there's a lot of Taiwan um
pace of view things going on. the the
the steps the famous uh meditation steps
that they use to bring them into that
state of consciousness. You'll find that
being practiced in some of the Daist
temples there, not so much in China
itself, although the Dowist monasteries
are still there. But that's like broad
cultural things. So if you're just like
the average person with no particular
cultural baggage, how would you start
it? There are different meditation
practices. There's, you know, yogic
practices that could lead in that
direction. Um, the problem is you're
going to be involving yourself with
teachers, with gurus, with people who
might make things as difficult as
possible for you to get to that point,
right? That's their job in some cases.
In some cases, that's just what they
like to do. That's fun. And to make
things difficult for you. That's sort of
their amusement because, you know,
they're old guys. They're celibate. They
don't drink. So, what are they going to
do? No cable. They're going to abuse you
and make you go celestial ascent for 20
years before you get to the second
level. So these things happen. This is
life. When things don't smell right to
you, walk away. When things when your
gut doesn't feel secure, walk away.
There's a lot of people out there who
are trying to take your money or trying
to uh, you know, abuse you in some way,
abuse your trust. So you have to be
careful of that. I think maybe the
easiest way to go about all of this, if
you're interested, is to
follow instructions that you'll find,
for instance, in Stairway to Heaven. I
mean I I don't really give detailed
instructions for that. There are no real
details for it. It's a question of
following an instinct, right? Trying to
attain one level, the very first level.
That first step is the big one. If you
can find a way to achieve that kind of
ascent to the very first level, to the
part where you know, not that you can
think about it, not that you can brag
about it, not that you've felt something
really strange or really weird, but that
you know you've gone to a level where
suddenly everything seems right,
everything seems real, but everything is
not real. That stent that that place is
that first step. Okay? It's a kind of a
combination of what you think is real
and what is really real meeting in be in
in between.
That was beautiful.
>> And that's step number one. When you've
got step number one, the other steps
will easily follow from there. You'll be
able to follow it yourself.
>> That's amazing. Well, Peter Leventa,
this has been a pleasure. I really
appreciate it. Um, I think you're super
knowledgeable about all these disperate
topics and you connect them in a very
unique way and so I'm grateful to do
this with you. You've also led just a
fascinating life that uh stranger than
fiction to be honest. And so thank you
for being here.
>> Thank you for inviting me. It was a
great conversation. The longest I think
I've had. So this is awesome. [laughter]
>> Cool.
>> And thanks to Lincoln for bringing this
together.
>> Thank you to Lincoln Miller for setting
this all up.
>> Sweet.
>> Alchemist. Did you enjoy that? Well,
here's the thing. That episode was just
the tip of the iceberg. If you want the
full picture, head over to the American
Alchemy Magazine we just launched on
Substack. That's where we deep dive into
all sorts of crazy topics that we don't
have time to fit into every video with
weekly articles exploring all of the
strange, forgotten, and conspiratorial
corners of space, history, and high
weirdness. So, join up today at our free
or paid tiers on Substack. I am
including the full link in the
description of this video.